Did Jagex develop RuneScape?
Are all League of Legends champions playable for free?
Are all Dota 2 heroes playable for free?
Is Cyberpunk 2077 available natively for the Nintendo Switch?
Is Assassin's Creed Valhalla available on Google Stadia?
Is Princess Plum in the Mario series?
Did Bethesda Game Studios develop Skyrim?
Was World of Warcraft released in 2004?
Is Animal Crossing available on PlayStation?
Is Megaman made by Capcom?
Was Halo made by Bungie?
Is Dr Wiley a character in the Megaman games?
Has Sledgehammer games produced a Call of Duty title?
Is Witcher 3 the most recent installment for the series?
Is Minecraft the best-selling video game of all time?
Did Riot Games develop League of Legends?
Was Sonic's sidekick Tails created by Yasushi Yamaguchi?
Was Mortal Kombat developed by Rare?
Was the Animal Crossing series created by Shigeru Miyamoto?
Does Mario save the princess at the end of the games?
Does Activision own the Call of Duty franchise?
Is Doctor Neo Cortex the nemesis of Crash Bandicoot?
Is Dr. Robotnik Sonic the Hedgehog's nemesis?
Can Spyro the Dragon glide?
Does Joel die in The Last of Us Part 2?
Did Bungie develop Halo?
Did the PS3 come out before Xbox 360?
Did Squaresoft develop Final Fantasy?
Is a Yakuza game playable on the Switch?
Are any Yakuza games playable on the PC?
Does Link wield a spear in Legend of Zelda A Link to the Past?
Did Sega developed Jet Set Radio?
Is Apex Legends a Battle Royale game?
Did Nintendo develop Halo?
Is Sega still making new video game consoles?
Did Nintendo fund the development of Bayonetta 3?
Did Bethesda Game Studios develop Fallout: New Vegas?
Did Bioware develop Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic II?
Did Remedy develop Max Payne 3?
Is the main character of the Mass Effect trilogy named Commander Shepard?
Is Firaxis Games the developer for Civilization VI?
Is Blizzard Entertainment the developer for Path of Exile?
Has the Gran Turismo franchise been around for more than 30 years?
Is DICE the developer for the Battlefield video game series?
Is Link the main character in the Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time?
Is Ganondorf the main antagonist in the Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time?
Is Joshua Bright the biological brother of Estelle Bright from the Trails in the Sky series?
Is Cassius Bright from the Trails in the Sky series a former S ranked bracer?
Is John-117 also known as the Master Chief?
Were Mario and Luigi Twins?
Was the final boss in the first Metroid, Mother Brain?
Did the red mushrooms in the Mario games give you an extra life?
Did Sonic have a friend who was a fox with two tails?
Was the first Sonic game released in 1991?
Are there over 20 games in the Legend of Zelda series?
Has it been over 25 years since the first Pokemon game was released?
Are there 9 different ports of The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim?
Which war lasted longer, the US Civil War or the Hundred Years War?
Who had a longer reign, Louis XIV or Franz Joseph I?
Who had a longer reign, Hirohito or Christian IV?
Which empire lasted longer, Ottoman Empire or Roma Empire?
Which empire lasted longer, Ethiopian Empire or Khmer Empire?
Which Chinese dynasty lasted longer, Qing Dynasty or Qin Dynasty?
Which POTUS was younger when starting presidency, JFK or Theodore Roosevelt?
Which country has a bigger parliament, Canada or Great Britain?
Who was president for a longer time, Theodore Roosevelt or Franklin D. Roosevelt?
Which country has had more ruling queens, England or Sweden?
Who spent more time in office as US president, Theodore Roosevelt or Franklin Delano Roosevelt?
What war lasted longer, the Korean War or Vietnam War?
Who spent more time in power, King George VI or Queen Elizabeth II?
Who was president of the United States first, John Adams or John Quincy Adams?
Did America enter World War II before or after the Japanese bombed Pearl Harbor?
Who had the longer reign, Queen Elizabeth I or Queen Victoria?
Which was built first, Hadrian's Wall or the Great Wall of China?
Who lived longer, King Henry VIII or Queen Elizabeth I?
Which war lasted longer, the Iraq war or the Vietnam war?
Who had a longer reign, King George II or King George I?
Which war lasted longer, the Vietnam War or the Civil War?
Who had a longer reign, King Henry VII or King Henry VIII?
Who was president for a longer period of time, Franklin Roosevelt or Theodore Roosevelt?
Who had a longer reign, Louis XIV or Louis XV?
Who had a longer reign, Cleopatra or King Tut?
Which was a bigger empire, the Ottoman Empire or British Empire?
Which war lasted longer, the Civil War or World War II?
Which is bigger, the Great Wall of China or the Pyramids?
Which structure is older, The Colosseum or the Parthenon?
Who was assassinated first, Martin Luther King, Jr or Robert Kennedy?
Was Vincent Van Gogh born before 1850?
Which was first, the American Revolution or the French Revolution?
Who invaded Britain first, Julius Caesar or the Duke of Normandy?
What building was built first, the Empire State Building or the Chrysler Building?
Which state entered the union first, Hawaii or Alaska?
Who had the longer reign, Peter the Great or Nicholas I?
Which war lasted longer, the Korean War or the Vietnam War?
Which war lasted longer, the Boer War or the Crimean War?
Who lost the most soldiers during the American Civil War, the Union or the Confederacy?
Which American Civil War battle occurred later, Battle of Gettysburg or Battle of Nashville?
Who has served on the US Supreme Court the longer, Sonia Sotomayor or Elena Kagan?
Which state saw more American Civil War battles, Virginia or Missouri?
Which country won more gold medals at the 2000 Summer Olympics, Italy or Romania?
Who ruled for a longer period of time, King Tut or Alexander the Great?
Did Caesar Augustus become a Roman emperor before Julius Caesar passed away?
Which of Nefertiti's daughters is older, Meketaten or Setepenre?
Did Henry VIII have more marriages than Henry VII?
Which child of Henry VIII lived longer, Edward VI or Henry, Duke of Cornwall?
Which war lasted longer, US Civil War or World War II?
Who had a longer reign, Queen Elizabeth II or Queen Victoria?
Which war lasted longer, War of 1812 or World War II?
Were the Aztecs founded before 1300?
Were the Mayans founded before 2700 B.C.?
Were the Incas founded before 1500?
Who had a longer empire, the Aztecs or the Incas?
Who was born earlier, King Edward V of England or King Richard III of England?
What war happened first, the Vietnam War or the Korean War?
Did the War of the Roses begin before 1852?
Which country elected its first president earlier, the United States or India?
Which US president was elected first, Jimmy Carter or George W. Bush?
Was OPEC founded before 1960?
Who served longer as French president, Francois Mitterand or Jacques Chirac?
Which was longer, the American Civil War or the Revolutionary War?
Who was emperor of Russia longer, Alexander II or Alexander III?
Who had a longer reign in the UK, Elizabeth I or Elizabeth II?
Who ruled Egypt longer, Cleopatra or Pepi II?
What state has existed longer, Delaware or Mississippi?
Which war caused the most deaths, World War I or II?
Did the war between England and Zanzibar last more than an hour?
Which city of Ancient Greece was more populated, Sparta or Athens?
Which revolution happened before, the French Revolution or the Industrial Revolution?
Which war lasted longer, The Civil War or the Revolutionary War?
Which war lasted longer, Vietnam War or Korean War?
Which religion has the most members, Buddhism or Hinduism?
Which intelligence agency was established first, NSA or FBI?
Which empire had the most land, Persian or Russian Empire?
Was the Ottoman Empire founded before 1400 AD?
Which empire had the larger land mass in it's control, the British Empire or the Mongol Empire?
Did the Vietnam war or the Civil war last longer?
Who had a longer reign, Mary Tudor or Marie Antoinette?
Which lasted longer, World War II or American Civil War?
Who had the longer reign, Queen Victoria or Queen Elizabeth II?
Which Civil War battle was shorter, the Battle of Dranesville or the Battle of Gettysburg?
Which World War II battle was longer, the Battle of the Atlantic or Battle of Kursk?
Which English monarch had the longer reign, Queen Victoria or Elizabeth I?
What war did the US participate in for a longer period of time, the War in Afghanistan or the Vietnam War?
Which war was shorter, the Persian Gulf War or the Civil War?
Who ruled first in the First Dynasty of Egypt, Narmer or Horus Bird?
Who was president first, Ronald Reagan or George H.W. Bush?
Which country has sent more people into space, the United States or Russia?
Who reigned longer, Peter the Great or Catherine the Great?
Who was in power or Rome longer, Julius Caesar or Augustus?
Was Abraham Lincoln taller than John Adams?
Did Henry VIII reign longer than Richard III?
Which war had more casualties, Taiping or Miao Rebellion?
Who had the longer British monarch, Victoria or George III of the U.K.?
Which European sovereign state is older, San Marino or the Kingdom of England?
Which British monarch was older when they were coronate, King George III or Queen Elizabeth II?
Which Axis Power attacked the U.S. at Pearl Harbor, Japan or Germany?
Which Axis Power had atomic bombs dropped on it, Italy or Japan?
Did France and Britain ever have colonies in North America at the same time?
Which war had more deaths, the American Revolution or the American Civil War?
Which United States president was in office longer, Abraham Lincoln or George Washington?
Who lived longer, George Washington or King George of England?
Which war lasted longer, the Korean War or WW II?
Which Chinese dynasty was formed first, the Ming dynasty or the Song dynasty?
Which modern country's land was conquered by the Roman Empire first, France or England?
Which country colonized India first, the United Kingdom or France?
Which war lasted longer, the American Revolution or the French Revolution?
Which war lasted longer, the American Revolution or the American Civil War?
Which war lasted longer, the Korean War or the Spanish American War?
Which war lasted longer, World War I or the War of 1812?
Which war lasted longer, Second Seminole War or World War II?
Which war lasted longer, Iraq War or Korean War?
Which Roman emperor had the longer rein, Caligula or Nero?
Which Chinese dynasty came first, Ming Dynasty or Song Dynasty?
Which country gained independence first, Mexico or Ecuador?
Who is taller, Napoleon Bonaparte or Queen Elizabeth II?
Which country has less states, US or Germany?
Who reigned for more time, Rameses III or Cleopatra?
Who has a longer reign, Genghis Khan or Kublai Khan?
Which became a state first, Hawaii or Alaska?
Who has the longer reign over Japan, Emperor Hirohito or Emperor Akihito?
Was the Austro-Hungarian Empire founded before 1800?
Which war resulted in more American lives lost, the Vietnam War or the war in Iraq?
Who was younger when they became US president, John F. Kennedy or Bill Clinton?
Who was in office longer, George Bush or FDR?
Which conflict lasted longer, Vietnam or Afghanistan?
Did the War in Korea come before WW II?
Did the American Civil War happen before the Revolutionary War?
Did World War II happen after World War I?
Who lived longer, Alexander the Great or Julius Ceasar?
Who lived longer, Alexander the Great or his father Philip II of Macedon?
Who had more wives, Alexander the Great or his father Philip II of Macedon?
Who had more wives, Alexander the Great or Julius Ceasar?
Which war occurred first, the American Revolutionary War or the American Civil War?
Who had the earlier reign as prime minister of Jamaica, Edward Seaga or Donald Sangster?
Which battle was fought earlier, Battle of Bunker Hill or Battle of Long Island?
Who was taller, Grover Cleveland or James Madison?
Which war was longer, the Civil War or the Revolutionary War?
Who was younger when they were crowned czar of Russia, Ivan IV or Ivan VI?
Was Franklin Roosevelt elected president more than twice?
Which war resulted in more American casualties, the Civil War or World War I?
Was the United States Constitution ratified before 1790?
Which country suffered more military deaths during World War II, Germany or the Soviet Union?
Who lived longer, Dwight Eisenhower or Lyndon B. Johnson?
Was the United States Constitution written before 1790?
Which was founded first, San Marino or Luxembourg?
What war started first, the Korean War or Vietnam War?
Who had the longer presidency, George Washington or Franklin D. Roosevelt?
Who had the bigger nuclear warhead arsenal during the Cold War, United States or the Soviet Union?
Which country had the higher death count during World War II, China or Germany?
Which British ruler had the most wives, George I or Henry VIII?
Which war had the most US deaths, Korean War or Vietnam War?
Which war lasted longer, World War II or the Vietnam War?
Which side won World War II, the Axis or the Allies?
Which war lasted longer, the Vietnam War or the Revolutionary War?
Which was larger, the Abbasid Caliphate or the Mongol Empire?
Did Japan invade Korea before King Gojong died?
Was the Joseon dynasty founded before 1390?
Who was president of the United States for longer, Bill Clinton or Franklin D. Roosevelt?
Which war lasted longer, World War II or the war in Afghanistan between the United States and the Taliban?
Which war had more fatalities, World War I or the American Civil War?
Which war involved a larger number of countries, World War I or World War II?
Which war lasted longer, the Vietnam War or World War I?
Who died earlier, Neil Armstrong or Buzz Aldrin?
Which American war lasted longer, the War in Afghanistan or Vietnam?
Which American war lasted longer, Vietnam or Iraq?
Which of the 13 original American colonies was established earlier, New York or Delaware?
Which killed more people, coronavirus or the 9/11 attacks?
Who served as president first, George Washington or Abraham Lincoln?
Who had a longer reign, Anne or George I?
Who had a longer reign, George I or George II?
How many ships did Christopher Columbus have?
How many countries are part of NATO?
How many principal pyramids are in Egypt?
How many children did King Henry the VIII have?
How many children did Abraham Lincoln have?
How many countries were principal partners in the Allies alliance in WW II?
How many wives did Julius Caesar have?
How many wives did Ramesses II have?
How many wives did Joseph Stalin have?
How many original colonies were there?
How many U.S. presidents have been assassinated?
The Hundred Years War was fought between how many countries?
How many major wars has Canada been a part of?
How many countries participated in Desert Storm?
How many Union states participated in the Civil War?
How many have Congressional Medals of Honor been given to American soldiers?
How many wives did Jacob have?
How many wives did President Donald Trump have?
How many presidents has the US had?
How many American presidents Served in the military?
How many American presidents were born in Iowa?
How many American presidents were born in North Carolina?
What countries made up the Allies in World War I?
How many wives did Alexander the Great have?
How many children did Marie Antoinette have?
How many astronauts have walked on the moon as of 2020?
How many U.S. presidents died in office?
How many countries supported North Vietnam in the Vietnam War?
How many countries made up the principal Allies during World War II?
How many states ratified the Articles of Confederation in America by 1781?
How many world leaders were part of the Yalta Conference?
How many British queens were named Elizabeth?
How many Apollo missions successful took crews to the Moon and back?
How many Romanov children of Emperor Nicholas II were killed during the Bolshevik Revolution?
How many wars did Rome fight against Carthage?
How many delegates to the Second Continental Congress signed the United States Declaration of Independence?
Into how many independent kingdoms did China divide after the fall of the Han Dynasty in AD 220?
The Confederate States of America was divided into how many states?
How many wives did King Henry I have?
How many wives did King Henry IV have?
How many wives did Louis XIV have?
How many children did King George I have?
How many Punic wars have been fought?
How many kingdoms still exist in Europe?
How many queens has Great Britain had?
How many first female vice presidents have there been in the United States?
How many times was Franklin D. Roosevelt elected as president?
How many were in the Apollo 11 flight?
How many of those that signed the Declaration of Independence became US president?
How many kids did George W. Bush have?
How many children does Barack Obama have?
How many kids does Queen Elizabeth II have?
How many countries have landed spacecraft on the moon?
How many Supreme Leaders has North Korea had?
How many American presidents have been assassinated?
How many American presidents have died in office?
How many countries and satellite states were in the Warsaw Pact?
How many countries were in the original NATO alliance?
How many countries were Principal Allied Powers in Allies of World War I?
How many children of Marie Antoinette survived into adulthood?
How many daughters did Nefertiti have?
How many adoptive children did Julius Caesar have?
How many battles did Mark Antony fight in?
How many legitimate children did King Henry VIII have?
How many US vice presidents died in office?
How many World Wars have there been?
How many times has America fought the British in war?
How many countries made up the Allied Powers during WW I?
How many countries did Germany invade during WW II?
How many children did Queen Victoria have?
How many countries first started the EU?
How many children did Queen Elizabeth II have?
How many years did George Washington serve as president?
How many World Wars happened in the 1900s?
How many US presidents did not have a wife?
How many American Anthems are there?
How many husbands did Cleopatra have?
How many children did Cleopatra have?
How many US presidents were there?
How many people comprised the Second Triumvirate?
How many Republican US presidents were there?
How many Original Colonies were there in the US?
How many Roman emperors and empresses were there?
How many Founding Fathers refused to sign the Constitution?
How many leaders has South Korea had since 1945 that aligned with the "Independent" political party?
How many exclusively "Independent" rulers has South Korea had since 1945?
How many countries fought in The Hundred Years War?
How many Confederate States of America were there?
How many political leaders have North Korea have?
How many terms did the President Franklin D. Roosevelt serve as president?
How many children did Andrew Johnson have?
How many children did Napoleon Bonaparte have?
How many countries participated in the 1896 Olympic Games in Athens?
How many British monarchs have there been since the political union of the Kingdom of England and the Kingdom of Scotland on 1 May 1707?
How many countries of "the coalition of the willing" had an active or participant role in the Iraq War?
How many conflicts were in the Napoleonic Wars?
How many men have walked on the moon?
How many students were responsible for the school shooting at Columbine?
How many people were aboard the RMS Titanic when it sank?
How many people won the 1956 Nobel Prize in Physics?
How many mathematicians won the 2015 Abel Prize?
How many World Wars were fought in the early 20th century?
How many wives has President Donald Trump had?
How many children does President Barack Obama have?
How many continents were discovered on Earth?
How many U.S. states were admitted to the Union during the 20th century?
How many nuclear bombs did the US drop on Hiroshima and Nagasaki in 1945?
How many cities in Japan were hit by nuclear bomb during World War II?
How many ships were in Columbus voyage to the Americas?
How many ships completed the initial voyage to Plymouth Rock?
How many U.S. presidents died by assassination?
How many States made up the original colonies of the United States of America?
How many times was Franklin Roosevelt elected president?
How many U.S. presidents died in office of natural causes?
How many U.S. presidents died of assassination?
How many States were there when the Constitution was written?
How many countries were involved on allies side in WW I?
How many people made up George Washington cabinet?
How many countries made up USSR?
How many political parties were their originally?
How many wives did King Kashta have?
How many wives did King David have?
How many children does the Queen Elizabeth have?
How many children did Martin Luther King Jr. have?
How many times did America Fight a war defending England?
How many American presidents have been impeached?
How many Americans have walked on the moon?
How many times did America drop nuclear bombs on Japanese cities?
How many States were originally part of the United States?
How many years did Augustus serve as emperor of Rome?
How many countries were members of the original European Union?
How many countries did the USSR dissolve into when it collapsed?
How many United States presidents served in the American Civil War?
How many United States presidents served in World War II?
How many countries were part of the Entente Powers during World War I?
How many countries were in the Grand Alliance in World War II?
How many wives did King Louis XVI of France have?
How many spouses did Cleopatra have?
How many U.S. presidents have been Catholic?
How many commonwealths are still ruled by England?
How many cities did the United Stated drop atomic bombs on in Japan during WW II?
How many Secretary Generals of the United Nations have been from Europe?
How many countries make up NATO?
How many children did King Tut have?
How many brothers did Isaac Newton have?
How many sons did Julius Caesar have?
How many spouses did Marcus Junius Brutus ever have?
How many States were in the Confederate States of America?
How many astronauts were on Apollo 11 when it landed on the moon?
How many countries conformed "The Big Three" in WW II?
How many countries did Simon Bolivar set free?
How many wives did Genghis Khan have?
How many kids did Ivan the Terrible have?
How many wives did William the Conqueror have?
How many wives did Charlemagne have?
How many wives did Rameses II have?
How many Mythical Founders of Rome were there?
How many original US Colonies were there?
How many US Five Star generals have there been?
How many Japanese cities had the atomic bomb dropped on it during World War II?
How many permanent members of the Security Council were there at the founding of the U.N. in 1945?
How many Supreme Leaders of North Korea have there been?
How many US presidents resigned from office?
How many presidents only served 1 term?
How many presidents has the USA had?
How many countries were involved in the Vietnam War?
Which of Henry VIII's wives did not predecease him?
What country attended the signing ceremony for the Treaty of Versailles held in 1919, but did not sign the Treaty of Versailles?
Which heavyweight boxing champion did not accept induction into the United States Army when drafted?
Which American president said he could not tell a lie?
Which country did not ratify the Treaty of Versailles?
Which of Abraham Lincoln's children did not live past the age of 5?
Which U.S. president did not get married?
Which president did not finish his term due to resignation?
In the last 100 years, which First Lady was not born in the U.S.?
Which Roman emperor took control of Rome at the age of 66 but never had children?
Which Roman Emperor led from 198 to 217 but never had children?
Which general did not win the Civil War for their side?
Which military alliance did not win World War II?
Who was the English king who signed a treaty making him heir to the French throne but never became king of France?
Which of the four surviving sons of Louis VIII of France did not have any children?
Which of the five surviving sons of Edward III of England does not have any legitimate descendants today?
Which American president never married?
Which South American country has never won an Olympic medal?
Who was the president that never lived in the White House?
What is the continent, besides Antarctica, that has never hosted the Olympics?
Which of Prince Charles' sons did not marry someone from the UK?
Which English queen never married?
Which king of England never lost a war?
Which American president never lived in the White House?
Which US president never married?
Which African nation was never colonized by a European power?
Which of Abraham Lincoln's sons did not die before 1900?
Which of King Henry VIII's legitimate children was not a Protestant?
Which of Christ's Twelve Apostles was not martyred?
Who was the first president to not live in the White House?
Who was the U.S. president who never went to school?
Which princess of Thailand did not marry a Thai citizen?
Who was a sibling of Isaac Newton's and also not a female?
Which Wonder of The World has not been destroyed?
Who was a ruler of Egypt's First Dynasty and has no successors?
What US president did not make it through his first two month in office?
What US president did not have a First Lady?
Which president did not have children?
Who was the only other president to not have a presidential pet while in office, besides James K. Polk and Andrew Johnson?
Which US president did not serve consecutive terms?
Which president was never married?
Who was the first US president not elected to office?
Who was the first US president that did not live through his full term?
What was the first country Napoleon tried to invade but was not successful?
What was the name of the first astronaut that did not survive the space mission?
Who was the first wife of King Henry VIII that he did not let live?
Which US president was impeached twice, but wasn't convicted?
Which Canadian prime minister wasn't male?
Which nation did Nazi Germany not successfully invade during World War II?
Which recent United States president wasn't re-elected to a second term?
What distant relative was not allowed back into Queen Elizabeth's court after marrying Robert Dudley, a favorite of the Queen?
What king voluntarily abdicated the throne because he was not allowed to marry an American divorcee, Wallis Simpson?
What three countries formed a Grand Alliance during WW II, and who could not agree on how the War should be fought?
Though she was born in Egypt, Cleopatra was not ethnically Egyptian, what ethnicity was she?
Which of Henry VIII's wives did not die before him?
Who was the general who lead his forces in the Battle of Antietam, but did not win the battle?
Who is the only US president who did not ever get married?
Which US president was not older than 43 when he was elected?
Which Himalayan country was never colonized?
Which incumbent U.S. president was not re-elected in 1991?
Which wife of Henry VIII did not die before him?
Which American presidents did not make it one year into their presidency?
Which of Marie Antoinette's children did not die before becoming an adult?
Which European countries have not had their monarchies abolished?
Which country did not sign the Treaty of Versailles?
Who never gave an interview as First Lady?
Which Chicago Cubs team did not fail to win the World Series in the 21st Century?
Which of Columbus's ships did not make it back to Spain?
Which Kennedy brother did not die of an accident or assassination?
Which Obama daughter did not attend an Ivy League School?
What American president did not serve at least one year in office?
Which historical figure is famous for not shouting, "The British are Coming"?
Which type of Olympic medals have not been included since 1948?
Which Macedonian leader invaded the Indian subcontinent, but did not conquer it?
Which delegates to the Second Continental Congress did not sign the Declaration of Independence?
Which Founding Fathers did not sign the Declaration of Independence?
Which children of John Adams did not live past the age of 15?
Which male children of John Adams did not become president of the United States of America?
Which of Winston Churchill's children did not live past the age of 5?
Which leader of Mongol Empire invaded Japan but did not conquer it?
Which president of United States did not live past 46?
Which child of George H.W. Bush and Barbara Bush did not live to adulthood?
Which governor of New York was not a male?
What state in the South had the most slaves and wasn't the first state to free the slaves?
What Roman ruler invaded Britain, but did not win the war?
Who ruled Egypt after Cleopatra, but did not live to 40?
Who ruled Rome after Nero, but was appointed by the Senate?
What is a communist country that is not located in Asia?
Which of the first five American presidents did not own slaves?
Which U.S. president never won a presidential election?
Who has been elected as U.S. president despite not winning the popular vote?
Which current (2021) Texas senator was not born in the U.S.?
Which Roman leader committed suicide?
Which US president never had a spouse?
Which French leader invaded Mexico, but never conquered it?
Which Italian leader invaded Ethiopia, but never conquered it?
Which Russian president invaded Afghanistan, but never conquered it?
Which is the only US state that does not have more than one syllable in its name?
Who was not a member of the Allied Powers during World War II?
Which English king that died in 1066, did not leave an heir to the throne?
Which U.S. president never finished his fourth term in office?
Which assassinated Kennedy did not die in Texas?
Who was the only member of the Lewis and Clark expedition not to survive the journey?
Who was the only 20th century Democratic Party president not to win re-election?
Which king of England was never officially crowned?
Which of George HW Bush's sons did not become the president of the United States?
Which French king did not get to be a king for more than 20 minutes?
Which US president has never been married?
Which U.S. president did not survive WW II?
Which Eastern European country during WW II did not allow Germany to conquer it?
What child of Alexander the Great did not die from natural causes at the age of 33?
What king of Greece was overthrown for not bearing an heir?
Which French ruler invaded Russia and did not win?
Which British monarch did not reign for even two weeks?
Who was the king of Jerusalem who could not move his limbs due to leprosy?
Which Italian king was not taller than 5 feet?
Which dictator tried to invade Russia, but did not succeed?
Which king marched towards India, but did not invade it?
Which French military tried, but did not invade Russia?
Which president of the USA did not live in the White House?
Which of Donald Trump's wives was not born in Europe?
Which state does not share a border with more than one other state?
Which wife of King Henry VIII did not survive childbirth?
Which one of the first 5 US presidents was not from Virginia?
Which state did Richard Nixon not win in the 1972 US Presidential Election?
Which American president never got married?
Which American president never met Queen Elizabeth?
Which American president was never voted into office?
Which American suffragist never got married?
Which German composer never got married?
Which French leader invaded Russia, but did not conquer it?
Which German leader invaded the Soviet Union, but did not conquer it?
Which of President Joe Biden's children did not live to the age of 2?
Which of President Joe Biden's wives did not live to the age of 31?
What US president was not married while in office?
Which US president never lived in the White House?
What 20th century US president did not have a vice president for his entire first term?
Which US president named Adams did not have a son who was also president?
Which Confederate general fought in the Battle for Gettysburg in 1863, but did not win?
At the Battle of Midway, which of the three US carriers did not survive the battle?
Of the top two Japanese cities targeted by the United States for the second atomic weapon, which did not get destroyed due to poor overhead visibility the morning of August 9th, 1945?
Which French leader invaded Russia in 1812, but did not conquer it?
Which US president did not live at the White House?
Which Carthaginian general invaded Italy in 218 BC, but did not conquer it?
Which African countries have never been colonized?
Which countries are not members of the United Nations?
Which US president was never elected?
Who was the only president to never live in the White House?
Which Scandinavian country did not enter WW II?
Who is the only person to serve as U.S. president that was not elected as either president or U.S. vice president?
Who was the only president never to live in the White House?
What is the earliest US state to be admitted to the union that is not Delaware?
What is the earliest of the 13 original US colonies to be established that was not Virginia?
What is the latest of the 13 original US colonies to be established that was not Georgia?
Who was the last president to die in office, but not from assassination?
Who was the last Pope to be removed from the papacy, but not by death?
Who was the last American soldier out of Afghanistan who was not an enlisted man?
What United States president never married?
What United States president never touched a light switch in the White House?
Which United States president did not speak English as their first language?
Which major war did the US not win?
What number of countries located in Europe are not in the EU?
What country is close to the UK, but is not a part of it?
What US president did not get married?
Which U.S. president never went to school?
Which British monarch from the House of Hanover was not male?
Which Kaiser of the German Empire did not have a successor?
Which state didn't send delegates to the US Constitutional Convention of 1787?
Which English king died in 1066, and did not leave an heir to the throne?
Who was elected president of the United States and not make it past 40 days in office?
What US president decided to resigned from office and not face impeachment?
Who was the prime minister of UK during the second World War and was also a Noble Prize winning writer?
Name a British passenger liner and the liner also sank in her maiden voyage in 1912?
Who was the queen of the United Kingdom for 63 years and was also granted the title of "Empress of India"?
What city in the United States is a state capital and a former Winter Olympic host city?
Who was on the Space Shuttle Challenger and was a school teacher?
Who was a wife of King Frederick II and family of Frederick?
Who was a wife of King Haile Selassie and the cousin of Araya Abebe?
Who was a wife of King Alexander III Macedon and the cousin of Amyntas IV?
Who was both queen of Spain and wife of Ferdinand?
Which ship was accompanied by both the Nina and the Pinta in 1492?
Who was both a child of Henry VIII and rival of Philip II of Spain?
Who was a queen consort of Sicily and the sister of the queens consorts of France and England?
Who was a sibling of Saint Louis of France who also became a saint?
Who guided Lewis and Clark's Corps of Discovery and was a member of the Shoshone tribe?
What man was a dictator who was responsible for a genocide that killed millions of people and was the leader of an Axis Power during World War II?
What woman was an actress who starred in numerous Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer movies and was also a patented inventor?
This person was married to Charles, Prince of Wales and was the child of John Spencer, Viscount Althorp?
Who was a California governor and a winner of Mister Olympia bodybuilding contest?
Which American president was named John and also had a son who was president?
Who became Pope of the Catholic Church and is also from Latin America?
Which president signed the Declaration of Independence and died at the age of 83?
Which country was part of the Axis Powers and ruled by Hitler?
Which European country fought in World War II and switched sides?
Which French leader was originally a Corsican nationalist and born on Aug 15, 1769?
Who killed millions of his own people and was born to a poor family in Gori in the Russian Empire?
What country was part of the Axis and invaded France?
What country was part of the Allied powers and was attacked by Japan in December of 1941?
What country was part of the Allied Powers and was invaded by Germany?
Who served in WW I for Imperial Germany and later became dictator of the same country?
Who served in WW II as the Supreme Commander of the Allied Expeditionary Forces in Europe and later became president of the United States?
Who was a wife of King Henry VIII and also a daughter of Isabella I?
Who was a wife of King Henry VIII and also a daughter of John III, Duke of Cleves?
Which former actor recently became the oldest human to fly to space?
Who was a Georgian revolutionary and leader of the Soviet Union from 1924 to 1953?
Who was a prime minister of Great Britain and was born on November 30, 1874?
What country is part of Scandinavia and had a series of civil wars from 1130 to 1240?
What country was invaded by Nazi Germany and once had King Louis XVI as king?
Who was a wife of Alexander the Great and was assassinated in 323 BC?
What country was part of the Allied Powers in WW II and the location of the attack on Pearl Harbor?
What country was part of the Allied Powers in WW II and was made up of 15 republics?
Who was a wife of Edward I of England and was a daughter of Philip III of France?
Who was a wife of Napoleon and was a child of Francis II, Holy Roman Emperor?
Who was a famous child actress and a United States Ambassador to Czechoslovakia and Ghana?
Who was the legitimate daughter of King Henry VIII and a half-sibling of Mary I?
Who was a famous American author and an oyster pirate in his youth?
Which Japanese island was the site of a bloody battle during World War II and is now the host of a US military base?
Who was a Princess of Thailand and a romantic partner of an American citizen?
What city was the Declaration of Independence signed and has held two Continental Congresses?
Who was a German Dutch diarist of Jewish heritage and one of the most discussed Jewish victims of the Holocaust?
Who was the founder of the first French Empire and was born in Corsica?
Who was the vice president of Abraham Lincoln and also the first US president to be impeached?
Who was the queen of France and also born an archduchess of Austria?
Who became a chancellor of Germany and was a painter from the Austro-Hungarian Empire?
Who was a Pharaoh of the 18th Dynasty and was also preceded in reign by Thutmose IV?
Which country was in the second World War and also dropped two atomic bombs on Japan?
What battle of the Civil War turned the tide for the Union and had the most casualties?
What famous playwright was born on April 23rd and died on April 23rd?
Who was married to Alexander the Great and also captured and executed in 316?
Who was the oldest child in the family and also the first president of the United States?
Who was an Attorney General of the United States and also assassinated?
Who was an American president and a general at Valley Forge during the Revolutionary War?
Who was born on the island of Corsica and became a leader of France?
What country was a part of the Axis Alliance during World War II and was formerly united with Austria?
Which country was a part of the Allies Alliance in World War II and fought against the United States in the Cold War?
Which country gained independence from Spain and also fought a major war against the United States in the 1800s?
What general lost the Battle of Princeton and the siege of Yorktown during the American Revolution?
What famous general was exiled to the island of Elba and later St Helena?
What famous general won many victories for the Nazis and is suspected of attempting to kill Adolf Hitler in 1944?
What occurred in Hiroshima and Nagasaki in August 1945?
Who was blind and deaf and also a student of Anne Sullivan?
Who was the leader of the Nazi Party and married to Eva Braun?
Who was a member of the British Royal Family and also was later married to Prince Charles?
Who is known for discovering the New World of the Americas and also sailed the ship the Santa Maria?
Who was the daughter of Roman Senator Marcus Livius Drusus Claudianus and married to Tiberius Claudius Nero?
Who was the first husband of Livia and the biological father of the second Roman Emperor Tiberius?
Who was the son of Livia Drusilla and the legal stepson of the Emperor Augustus?
Who was a Founding Father and a US president that did not own slaves?
Who flew the VF-51 in the Korean war and walked on the moon?
Who was a stage actor and also assassinated a US president?
Who was married to the king of England and was an American divorcee?
Who was elected president and the only one to be elected unanimously?
Who is the current vice president and the only female to hold the office?
Who is credited with discovering America and never set foot on the North American continent?
Which war resulted in a renegotiation of Spanish boundaries in America, and was also responsible for the burning of the White House?
Which queen of Spain was married to Ferdinand V and was later succeeded by Joanna?
Which war is the shortest recorded in history, and was conducted on an island in an archipelago?
Who served as both a president and later as a Chief Justice of the United States?
Which country occupied both Taiwan and Korea in the 20th century?
Which U.S. president was assassinated, and was also a Democrat?
Which country was an Axis Power, invaded Africa, and also joined the Allies in WW II?
Which World War II general was also a United States president?
What country was an Axis Power in WW II and also a country in Asia?
What Empire existed before Jesus Christ and was also located around the entirety of the Mediterranean Sea?
What country was part of the Allied Powers and the location of D-Day?
What country was part of the Allied Powers and the location of the Battle of Stalingrad?
What country was part of the Axis Powers and the location of the Battle of Okinawa?
Who was the child of Queen Victoria and was married to Alexandra of Denmark?
Which castle was built by William the Conqueror and located in Windsor, England?
Who was a Tsar of Russia and was the father of Anastasia Romanov?
Who was a US president and involved in the Watergate scandal?
Who was the wife of King Philip and cousin of Don Carlos?
Who was a wife of King Henry V and the daughter of Charles VI?
Who was a wife of Charles VI and the daughter of Stephen III?
Who was a wife of Stephen III and the daughter of Bernabò Visconti?
Who discovered Taeniopygia and Stagonopleura?
What bird in North America has coined the name "rice" finch and was put under the control of the Lacey Act in the 1900s by the US Department of Interior?
What queen of England has owned both a dog and a budgie?
What United States president served as both president and vice president without being elected?
What United States president served during both The Great Depression and World War I?
Who served as both a United States president and Assistant Secretary of the Navy?
What United States president was the tallest and the first to have a full beard?
What country was part of the Axis Powers in World War II but not in the European theater?
Who was a premier of Russia, and was in office for less than 200 days?
Who was king of the Franks and died in 814?
Who was president of Italy during World War II and a close friend of Adolf Hitler?
Who was prime minister of Great Britain during the Falklands War and also a close personal friend of American President Ronald Reagan?
Who was a German army officer and a personal attaché of German Deputy Fuhrer Rudolf Hess?
Who was the British prime minister during the Berlin Airlift who was also a close personal friend of American President Franklin D. Roosevelt?
Which Pope was the first to be born in the 20th century and only served for 33 days?
Who was the first US president to win a record four presidential elections and died in office?
What country from Asia was a member of the Axis Alliance and is considered the oldest country in the world?
Who was the Greek king of Macedon that conquered most parts of Asia and North Africa and had a sister called Cleopatra of Macedon?
Who was the German dictator that started World War II and was married to Eva Braun shortly before their death?
Who was president during the Great Depression and signed the new deal?
What is the name of the first woman millionaire and was born in the United States?
What is the civil rights leader that was assassinated in 1968 and was born in Atlanta, Georgia?
Who was the adopted son of Julius Caesar and the first emperor of Rome?
Who was president of the United States and a member of the Confederate House of Representatives?
Who was president of the United States and president of the Screen Actors Guild?
Who was prime minister of United Kingdom and defeated Napoleon at Waterloo?
What country was part of the Allied Powers and the location of the Eiffel Tower?
What Mediterranean country was initially an Axis Power during World War II and then joined the Allies late in the war?
What man was US president and also Chief Justice of the Supreme Court?
Who was both the king of the Franks and emperor of the Romans?
Who was the prime minister of Italy as well as an ally of the Axis Powers during World War II?
Who is the WW II era Soviet leader that was born to a poor family in Gori?
Who is the businessman that acted as the brand ambassador and symbol of a famous chicken restaurant?
What country was a member of the Axis Powers in WW II and the home of the ancient Roman Empire?
Who was a well known member of the British monarchy and died in a car crash in the 1990's?
What country invaded Kuwait in the 1990s and fought a war with the United States during the same time period?
What country fought in the Falkland Islands war and is European?
Who was the husband to Catherine the Great and the son of Charles Frederick?
Who was a queen of France and the daughter of Maria Theresa?
What country was part of the Allied Powers and got attacked at Pearl Harbor?
Who was a queen of Naples and Sicily and wife of Ferdinand I?
Who was a signee of the Declaration of Independence and first ambassador to France?
Who was a military leader and took power in France in 1799?
Who was the 16th president and issued the Emancipation Proclamation?
Who was the principal author of the Declaration of Independence and the third president of the United States?
Who was the author of Das Kapital and formed the belief of Marxism?
Who was the queen of Spain and funded Christopher Columbus' voyage?
Who was the first person in the world to land on the moon and was from the United States?
Who wrote the Emancipation Proclamation and was assassinated by John Wilkes Booth?
Who was the first wife of King Henry VIII and the daughter to Isabella I of Castile?
Which Portuguese explorer achieved the first European navigation from the Atlantic to Asia and was killed in the Battle of Mactan?
Who was president during the Vietnam War and the Bay of Pigs?
What country had Fat Man and Little Boy bombs explode in major cities?
What American political building was build in 1792 and was rebuild in 1814 because of a fire?
What states accepted slavery, but are not a part of today's South?
What State was the first to secede from the Union and the home state of James Brown?
Which West Point graduate, class of 1861, was commissioned a Brigadier General at the age of 23?
Who was a West Point graduate and coach of Duke University's Men's basketball team?
Who was the famous poet and author who was in the West Point class of 1834, but never graduated?
Which politician served as a U.S. president while also being a licensed bartender?
What U.S. president has his bust on Mountain Rushmore while also being the principle author of the Declaration of Independence?
Who was a president of France's Fifth Republic and the husband of an Italian singer and model?
Who was a Union Civil War general and a best-selling Christian novelist?
Who was a founder of Virginia Colony and a long-time prisoner in the Tower of London?
Who was a relative of Napoleon Bonaparte and a failed military commander against the Prussians?
What city was home to a school of classical music composers and the site of a 16th century Ottoman siege?
Who was a member of the Second Triumvirate and a romantic interest of Queen Cleopatra?
Who was the last active ruler of the Ptolemaic Kingdom of Egypt, and the daughter of Ptolemy XII Auletes?
Who was the son of Queen Dowager Zhao and went on to become the first emperor of a unified China?
Who was the last emperor of the Qing dynasty and died on October 17, 1967?
What disease did First Lady Eleanor Roosevelt's husband have?
To what political party did the first prime minister of Canada belong?
What was the nickname of the great-grandfather of France's Louis XV?
In what year did the oldest member of the Roman Republic's First Triumvirate die?
Who was the father of the losing commander at the Battle of Hastings?
Who is the wife of Queen Elizabeth II's eldest child?
Who is the son of Queen Elizabeth II's only daughter?
Who was the wife of the president during the Civil War?
Which state was the first American president born in?
Who is the wife of the second oldest child of Prince Charles of England?
What is the capital of the country where the sixth Secretary-General of the United Nations was born?
What was the name of the Virginia home belonging to the third president of the United States?
What type of cancer did the inventor of the cotton gin die from?
How old was the first ruler of Greece when he died?
How old was the first queen of England when she took the throne?
How old was the first queen of Egypt when she died?
How old was the fourth king of England when he took the throne?
How old was the second queen of Scotland when she got married?
Who was the second child of the second U.S. president?
Who was the military leader of the country that attacked the United States in 1941?
How old was the 35th president of the United States when they died?
How old was the first prime minister of Canada when they died?
Who was the president of the US when the Korean War started?
Which son of Charlemagne received Italy as inheritance?
Which wives of US presidents were also mothers of US presidents?
Who was the first First Lady of the US to also have a college degree?
Who was the successor to the successor of George III?
What is the name of the dog owned by the 37th president of the United States?
Who was the leader of the country that conquered the Persian Empire?
Who was the leader of the country that defeated the Spanish Armada?
What region was returned to the rule of the world's most populous country in 1997?
Who was the leader of the country that invaded Ethiopia in October 1935?
How old was the youngest female British monarch at the time of her marriage?
What was the profession of the man that assassinated a president in a theater?
How old was the youngest US president to be assassinated?
What state seceded from another state in 1863?
Where did the first US president give his first inaugural address?
Who was the leader of the country that invaded Iran in 1980?
Who was a leader of the Progressive movement that proclaimed American entrance into World War I?
How old was the current queen of England when she became queen?
Who was the son of King Henry VIII's third wife?
In what year was the third president of the United States born?
How old was the first US president when he died?
How old was the president of the US during the bulk of World War II when he died?
Who's the daughter of Donald Trump's first wife?
Who was the leader of the country that invaded Finland in 1939?
Who was the president of the country that decided to use nuclear weapons on Japan during World War 2?
Who was the country leader that fought against the US from November 1, 1955 to April 30, 1975?
Who was the second child of the king of England from 9 November 1841 to 6 May 1910 to die?
How old was the French military and political leader who rose to prominence during the French Revolution when he became emperor of France?
Who is the once politically elected son of the 52nd governor of New York?
What country in North America co-led an alliance to eventually win the global conflict beginning in 1939?
What country in Asia co-led an alliance to eventually win the global conflict beginning in 1939?
What country that's an island co-led an alliance to eventually win the global conflict beginning in 1939?
What country spanning Europe and Asia co-led an alliance to eventually win the global conflict beginning in 1939?
Who was the leader of the North American country that co-led an alliance to combat the Axis powers during World War II?
How old was the third president of the US when he was sworn into office?
What was the start date of the longest war ever?
How old was the 48th vice president when he was sworn into office?
What year did the shortest war take place?
How old was the second emperor of Rome when he died?
How old was the fourth emperor of Rome when he died?
How old was the sixth emperor of Rome when he died?
Who was the daughter of Charles VI's first wife?
How old was the second Roman emperor when he died?
How old was the third Roman emperor when he died?
How old was the fourth Roman emperor when he died?
Who was the wife of the first president of the United States?
Who was the wife of the 16th president of the United States?
Where was the first president of the United States born?
Who was the leader of England when the United States bombed Japan?
Who was the president of the United States when World War II started?
Who was president of America when the first ever flight was taken?
Which American president was the second one to die specifically on July 4th, 1826?
What man adopted the person (in his will) who became the first Roman emperor?
What US state was the 26th president of the United States born in?
Which president of the United States was responsible for the largest land purchase in United States history?
What proclamation did the 16th president of the United States issue in 1863?
Which ship did the author of the Origin of Species travel aboard in 1859?
In what year did the painter of the Mona Lisa and The Last Supper die, at the age of 67?
When was the third president of the US born?
Where was the 35th president of the US born?
Who was the leader of the country that attacked Pearl Harbor?
What was the name of the first king of England's grandfather?
How old was the sixteenth president of the United States when he was assassinated?
Which United States president had a heated rivalry with the third president?
Which king was married to the woman who allegedly said, "Let them eat cake."?
What year was the former president of Iraq who took office in 1979 hung?
How old was the first president of the United States when he died?
What year was the president responsible for issuing the Emancipation Proclamation born?
Who was the third wife of the first Roman emperor?
Who was the ceremonial chief of the Navy Air Service that attacked Pearl Harbor in 1941?
Who was the first son of Peter the Great's second wife?
How old was the last Tsarina of Russia when she died?
Where was the last emperor of the Qing dynasty when he died?
How old was the emperor of Japan when the Russo Japanese war started?
Where was the president of United States during WWI when he died?
Name the military and political leader who built the large empire that ruled over continental Europe?
Who was the 16th president of the third most populous country in the world with its national capital as Washington DC?
Name the Roman general and statesman who defeated the person leading to the reorganization of the Roman Republic as an empire?
Name the German Dutch diarist who spoke about the camps killing the members of an ethnoreligious group?
At what age was President Joe Biden when he was elected president in 2020?
At what age was Abraham Lincoln assassinated in 1865?
On what date did Franklin D. Roosevelt's third term officially start?
Who was the leader of the country that invaded Finland during the Winter War?
At what age did the sixteenth president of the United States die?
How many terms did the U.S. president elected in 2007 serve?
What year did the first president move into the White House?
What state did Pocahontas' tribe inhabit?
The first African American child to attend a white school did so in what year?
How old was the last emperor of China when he died?
Who was the leader of the country that invaded Afghanistan in 2001?
Who is the leader of a country that Donald Trump referred to as "Rocket Man?"?
Who is the leader of the country that was the source of Covid-19?
Who is the leader of the country that was the first to put a satellite in orbit?
How old was the first Premier of the Soviet Union when he died?
Who was the wife of the last king of France?
What country was the leader of the Nazi Party born in?
How old was the final German emperor when he died?
How old was the leader of Iraq during the United States invasion of Iraq when he died?
How old was the 35th president of the United States when he died?
How old was the first female vice president of the United States when she took office?
Who was the king of the country who first established colonies in North America?
What was the age of the female French Revolutionary burned at the stake in the 1400s?
Who was the leader of the country that attacked Pearl Harbor in World War II?
What was the birthplace of the first black United States president?
What was the profession of the 33rd president of the United States prior to being elected to office?
Who killed Yoko Ono's husband in front of the Dakota in New York City?
What was the maiden name of the former First Lady of the United States who later served as Secretary of State in another US president's administration?
What country was the birthplace of the first female prime minister of Israel?
How old was the second president of the United States when he died?
How old was the third president of the United States when he died?
How old was the fourth president of the United States when he died?
How old was the US president when 9/11 happened?
Who was the US president when the US invaded Afghanistan?
How old was the US president when an impeachment happened in 2021?
Who was the US president when France won its second World Cup?
Who was the daughter of King Henry VIII's first wife?
Who was the second wife of Queen Elizabeth II's eldest son?
Who was the first born grandson of Queen Elizabeth II's eldest?
Who was the wife of the artist who painted Starry Night?
Who was the wife of the artist who painted The Blinding of Samson?
Who was the husband of the artist who painted The Wounded Deer?
What war began when the 34th US president was in office?
Who is the current head of the country in which the Chernobyl Nuclear Disaster took place?
What is the name of the mother of Canada's 23rd prime minister?
How many wives did the king responsible for splitting the Church in England have?
What year did the husband of the longest-reigning queen in British history pass away?
How old was the third US president when he died?
How old was the fourth US president when he died?
How old was the fifth US president when he died?
Who was the last emperor of Rome?
Who was the oldest emperor of Rome?
Who was the first king of Spain?
Who was the first king of all England?
What was the third war actually declared by the United States?
Who was the 22nd and 24th president of the United States?
What year did the Second World War end?
What was the 49th state to join the U.S.?
Who was the first president of the USA?
Who was the last leader of the USSR?
Who was the 35th president of the USA?
Who was the last king of France?
Who was the first Romanov czar of Russia?
Who was the first tsar of all Russia?
Who was the first Tudor king of England?
Which state was first to secede from the Union in the American Civil War?
Who was the first tsar of Russia?
Who was Thomas Jefferson's first wife?
Who was John Adam's first wife?
Who was Andrew Jackson's first wife?
Who was Ulysses S Grant's first wife?
Who was the third US president?
What was the first country in the world?
What was the first democratic country?
What was the first communist country?
Who was the first president of the French Fifth Republic?
Who was the first king of Sweden?
Who was the last emperor of Russia?
Who was the second daughter of King Christian IX of Denmark?
Who was the first woman to fly solo across the Atlantic Ocean?
Who was the third United Nations Secretary General?
Who was the third vice president of the United States?
Who was the first female presidential candidate of the United States?
Who was the first child born through in vitro fertilization?
Who was the first Roman emperor to embrace Christianity?
Who was the first pope of the Catholic Church?
Who was the last Chinese emperor?
Who was the first president of Mexico?
Who was the last leader of the Qing dynasty?
Who was the first Catholic president of the United States?
Who was the second Prince of Wales?
Who was the last pharaoh of Egypt?
Who was the last female monarch of Japan?
Who was the second president of Brazil?
Who was the first British monarch to reign for more than 50 years?
Who was the second US president to be assassinated while in office?
Who was the fourth emperor of Rome?
Who was the fifth emperor of Rome?
Who was the sixth emperor of Rome?
Who was the first king of both Scotland and England?
Who was the first man on the moon?
What was the first city in the US to host the Olympics?
What was the last battle of the Napoleonic Wars?
Who was the first U.S. president to be impeached?
Who was John Rolfe's second wife?
Who was the last king of Hawaii?
Who was the fifth king of Israel?
Who was the third Pope?
What was the last state to join the USA?
What was the last battle of the Revolutionary War?
Who was the last Russian Tsar?
Which country was last to join the Allied powers?
Who was the 2nd president of Mexico?
What was the second to last state to join the United States?
What was the first capital of the United States?
Who was president Donald Trump's second wife?
What was the date of president Donald Trump's first impeachment trial?
When was the start of president Abraham Lincoln's second term?
Who was the second United States president to be assassinated while in office?
Who was King Henry VIII's last wife?
What was the name of the first American colony?
What was the fiftieth state to join the United States?
Who was the 1st emperor of Japan?
Who was Joe Biden's first wife?
Who was last president of the United States during the 20th century?
Who was the third emperor of Rome?
What was the last Confederate state to rejoin the Union?
Where was the Confederates last stand just before they surrendered?
Who was the first prime minister of the United Kingdom?
Which country was the first to be defeated and occupied by the Germans during World War II?
Who was the first official pope of the Roman Catholic Church?
Which US state was the last to be admitted to the Union?
Who was the second to last tsar of Russia?
Who was Nefertiti's fourth daughter?
Who was the first pharaoh of the Dynasty XVIII of Egypt?
Who was the first prime minister of Russia?
Who was the first prime minister of Canada?
Who was the first president of Russia?
What is considered the first largest empire in history?
Who was the last tsar of Russia?
Who was the first pharaoh of Egypt?
Who was the last Samurai?
Who was the last Edo period shogun in Japan?
Who is Queen Elizabeth's first child?
Who was the first pope?
Who is Prince Charles' second wife?
Who was the last emperor of the Holy Roman Empire?
Who was the first king of Romania?
Who was the first queen of Hawaii?
Who was the first ruler of Greece?
Who was the second Roman emperor?
Who was the first king of Scotland?
Who was the first emperor of Rome known as prior to office?
Who was the tenth emperor of Rome?
Who was the tenth Roman emperor?
Who was the first wife of ex-president Donald Trump?
Who was the first king of Norway?
Who built the first successful airplane?
Who was the first emperor of Germany?
Who was the last king of England?
Who was the last Aztec emperor?
Who was the first Byzantine emperor?
Who was the last emperor of the Western Roman Empire?
Who was the third pharaoh of the Ptolemaic dynasty in Egypt?
Who was King Henry VIII's second wife?
Who was the first ruler of the United Kingdom of Great Britain?
Who was historically the oldest emperor of India?
Who was the first leader and founder of North Korea?
Who was the last head of state or president of Czechoslovakia during the Communist Period?
Who was the first president of the United States of America?
Who was the 11th president of the United States of America?
Who was the 19th president of the United States of America?
Who was Japan's first president?
Who was China's first president?
Who was America's first president?
Who was France's first president?
Who signed the Declaration of Independence first?
Who was the third governor of California?
Who was the first Ptolemaic ruler of Egypt?
Who did King Henry VIII marry at his second wedding?
Who was the second emperor of the Tang?
Who was Henry VIII's first wife?
Who was the last emperor of Japan?
Who was the sixth governor of Missouri?
Who was the second wife of Lilburn Boggs?
What US state was the last contiguous state admitted in the Union?
Who was the first president of Indonesia?
Who was the first female governor of Wyoming?
In what year was the first moon landing?
Who was the first person to reach the summit of Mt. Everest?
Who was the last shah of Iran?
Who was the first prime minister of India?
Who was Napoleon Bonaparte's second wife?
Who was the first premier of the Soviet Union?
Who was the last premier of the Soviet Union?
Who was King Henry VIII's first wife?
Who was King Henry VIII's fourth wife?
Who was King Henry VIII's fifth wife?
Who was the second sultan of the Ottoman Empire?
What is the third shortest war in the recorded history of the world?
Who was the first emperor of the German Empire?
Who was the second president of Mexico?
Who was the shortest serving U.S. president?
Who was the longest serving U.S. president?
Who was the longest serving emperor of Japan?
What was the longest battle in the Revolutionary War?
Which American president spent the longest time in office?
Which United Nations Secretary General was the oldest when he retired?
Which American War had the greatest number of deaths?
Which country sent the most immigrants to the United States in 2017?
What battle of the Civil War had the most casualties?
What French king ruled the longest?
Which battle from World War I resulted in the most casualties?
Which battle from World War II resulted in the most casualties?
Which battle from The War of the Roses resulted in the most casualties?
Which United States president served the highest number of days in office?
Which United States president served the least amount of days in office?
Which United States president had the most children?
Which American president served the most years as president?
Which American president served the shortest term as president?
Which Roman emperor had the longest reign?
What was the shortest recorded war in history?
Who is the longest reigning monarch in British history?
What was the shortest war in world history?
Who was King Henry VIII married to the shortest?
Who was the tallest king of England in history?
Who is the longest serving Prince of Wales?
Who was King Henry VIII married to for the least amount of time?
Which British monarch had the longest reign?
Which monarchs reign was the longest?
Which monarch had the longest reign in history?
Who is the oldest US president at the start of presidency?
Who was the shortest reigning sultan of the Ottoman Empire?
Who was the youngest Supreme Court appointee?
Who gave the shortest inauguration speech in American history?
Who were the two youngest signers of the Declaration of Independence?
What was the deadliest war in American history?
Which Civil War battle had the most casualties?
Which British queen had the most children?
Who was pope the longest?
Who was the tallest president ever in the USA?
Who was the heaviest US president?
What was the longest battle in WW1?
What was the longest war in world history?
What was the shortest term of a U.S. president?
Which battle during the American Civil War produced the most casualties?
What was the bloodiest battle of World War 2?
What was the shortest war in history?
Who served as president of the United States the longest?
What was the costliest war in history?
What was the shortest battle in Desert Storm?
Who was Donald Trump married to the shortest?
What is the longest recorded war in United States?
What is the shortest recorded war in United States?
Which United States president had the shortest time in office?
What European monarch has reigned the longest in history?
What was the shortest battle in the United States Civil War?
Which US president has the longest presidency?
Which British monarch had the longest marriage?
Which country has hosted the most modern Olympic Games?
What was the longest battle on German ground during World War II?
What is the longest single battle the U.S. Army has ever fought?
Which Egyptian pharaoh had the shortest reign?
Which war during the 20th century had the highest death toll?
Which country suffered the most casualties in World War II?
Which countries have had the most wars against each other?
Who was the shortest British monarch in adulthood?
What is the shortest war in history?
What was the deadliest volcanic eruption?
What was the tallest building in New York City in 1920?
Which president of the United States served the longest term?
What was the shortest battle of the US Civil War?
What was the longest US presidential campaign?
Which president of the United States served the shortest term?
Which American presidency was the shortest?
Who served the most terms in office as the president of the United States?
Who won the largest share of any American president-elect in a singular election, in terms of percentage?
Who won the most electoral votes in a single American presidential election?
Who was the longest surviving child of King Louis XVI of France?
Who was the longest reigning monarch in history?
Who was the shortest surviving child of King Henry VIII?
Who was the tallest measured British monarch?
Which country has won the most battles in history?
Which war had the most countries involved?
Which pharaoh of Egypt was the youngest?
Which US president has had the longest tenure in years?
Which Roman emperor served the longest, in years?
Which Roman emperor served for the shortest time during the Principate?
What was the longest battle in the American Revolutionary War?
What was the longest battle in the Mexican Civil War?
What was the longest battle in the Korean War?
Who had the shortest term as US president?
Who was the longest serving German chancellor?
Who served as the U.S. president for the shortest time?
What battle in the Pacific during WWII saw the most American soldiers killed?
What country has put the most people into space?
Who survived the highest fall without a parachute?
Where was the highest ever recorded temperature in history?
What Roman emperor had the shortest reign?
Which American president has had the shortest tenure in office?
Which US congressman has served the most terms in Congress?
Which US congressman has had the longest service as Speaker of the House?
Who is the longest serving British monarch of all time?
Which US president had the shortest physical height?
Which British monarch had the most wives?
What was the shortest battle in the Civil War in hours?
Who was the shortest serving US president in history in terms of days served?
Which conflict was the longest in terms of number of years?
What is the longest US war fought on foreign soil in terms of number of months?
Who is the longest serving Indian president in terms of number of years?
Which American Civil War battle lasted the longest?
Which Japanese emperor had the longest tenure?
What was the longest war in the history of the United States?
Who was the longest serving United States president?
Who was the shortest serving United States president?
Who has the longest presidency in US history?
What was the deadliest one-day battle in the Civil War?
In which state have the most US presidents been born?
Which U.S. president served the shortest time in office?
Which U.S. president served the longest time in office?
Who was the longest serving king of Thailand?
Who was the longest reigning king of France?
Who was the longest reigning emperor of Japan?
Which Japanese monarch had the longest reign?
Which Liechtenstein monarch had the longest reign?
Which Austrian monarch had the longest reign?
Who ruled Rome for the longest period of time?
Who was the longest ruling emperor of China?
Who was the longest reigning British monarch?
Who is the longest serving justice on the Supreme Court?
Which justice has served the shortest time on the Supreme Court?
Which US president has served the longest?
Which US president has served the shortest time?
Which US war was the longest?
Which was the shortest war in history?
Which U.S. president has had the shortest term?
Which U.S. president has had the longest term?
What was the shortest battle in the U.S. Civil War?
Who has had the shortest reign for a European monarch?
What was the longest battle of World War I?
Which French king ruled the longest?
What was the shortest battle in the American Civil War?
What was the longest dynasty in China?
Which British monarch remained in power for the longest time?
What was the longest continual war in history?
Who is the longest serving French president?
Who has the shortest tenure as prime minister in Indian history?
Who had the shortest reign in France?
Who is the longest reigning British monarch?
Who held the longest US presidency?
Who had the least amount of time to be US president?
Which US president has spent the longest in office?
Who has been held the longest in a hostage situation?
Who was Louis XIV married to the shortest?
Which monarch of France had the shortest reign?
Who is the oldest person ever to serve in The House of Representatives?
Who was the tallest president of the United States?
Who was the shortest president of the United States?
Who is the shortest reigning monarch in history?
Which Roman emperor reigned the longest?
Which US president was the tallest?
Which king of England had the most marriages?
What is the longest war that the United States have been in?
What was the longest civil war in Africa?
Who has had the shortest time as a US president?
What country had the most deaths in WWII?
Who is the longest tenured US president?
Which British monarch has had the longest reign?
Who was the shortest serving prime minister of Canada?
Who was the oldest person when they started their reign over the United Kingdom?
Who was the youngest sole Roman emperor?
What was the largest Native American tribe as of 2010?
Which war has had the most casualties, including civilians?
Which president has had highest approval rating?
Which US president was elected the greatest number of times?
Did the war in Afghanistan begin in 2001?
Did Christopher Columbus come to the Americas in 1492?
Did World War II end in 1950?
Was Marie Antoinette born in France?
Was John Marshall the first Chief Justice of the Supreme Court?
Did Elizabeth I of England have children?
Was Constantinople captured by the Ottoman Empire in 1453?
Was the Kingdom of Sardinia a party to the Treaty of Worms?
Was Edward the Elder King of the Anglo-Saxons during the year 1162 AD?
Did the 100 Years' War take place during the Late Middle Ages?
Did the French Revolution take place in 1302?
Did Napoleon die in exile?
Did the CIA help Fidel Castro gain control of Cuba?
Was Alexander the Great only 32 years old when he died?
Did George Washington really have wooden dentures?
Did George Washington have any kids?
Did Lord Byron have any children?
Did Leonardo Da Vinci die of cancer?
Did Germany attack Pearl Harbor on December 7, 1941?
Was Caligula assassinated?
Did the Germans win World War 2?
Did George Washington sign the Declaration of Independence?
Did King Tut live to be 60 years old?
Did Japan bomb Pearl Harbor in 1941?
Was Henry V the fifth king of England?
Is Muhammadu Buhari the current president of Nigeria?
Did Japan surrender in World War 2?
Have there been more than two world wars?
Did the United States start out as colonies?
Was the Declaration of Independence signed in 1776?
Did Nefertiti has a son?
Did King Louis XIV move the seat of his court and government to Versailles?
Was Nicholas II the first Tsar of Russia?
Did Edward VIII abdicate the throne?
Was Brazil part of the Allied Force in World War II?
Was Jeremy Corbyn ever prime minister of the UK?
Has a nuclear or atomic weapon ever been used in combat outside of WWII?
Did Boris Yeltsin die in office as president of Russia?
Did Jacques Chirac serve as both president and prime minister of France?
Was Confucius married?
Was Charles Darwin married?
Did Charles Darwin have any children?
Did Leonardo da Vinci paint The Last Supper?
Was Genghis Khan married to one wife?
Did Genghis Khan travel to America?
Does South Africa have the largest naval fleet in the world?
Did the United States drop two atomic bombs on Japan during WWII?
Was Australia ever under French rule?
Did France help the Americans defeat the British during the American Revolution?
Did Napoleon die in the 17th century?
Did Adolf Hitler start World War 2?
Was Athelstan the first king of England?
Was Abraham Lincoln assassinated in 1866?
Did 56 delegates sign the Declaration of Independence?
Did Queen Elizabeth I have the longest reign in the UK?
Was Adolf Hitler appointed as a German chancellor?
Was Abraham Lincoln the 16th president of the U.S.?
Is Queen Elizabeth II the longest serving British monarch in history?
Did Jack the Ripper get married?
Did Bill Clinton have an affair during his presidency?
Was Queen Victoria married?
Was Pope John Paul II married?
Was President Reagan shot?
Did King Henry V have six wives?
Did King Arthur have ten wives?
Did Henry III of France have one wife?
Did Henry IV of France have three wives?
Did Joseph Stalin have three wives?
Was Caligula the third emperor of Rome?
Was America part of the Axis during WW2?
Was Benito Mussolini killed before the end of WW2?
Did Canada become fully independent from the United Kingdom in 1982?
Did Canada participate in World War II?
Was Benito Mussolini the founder of the Fascist Party?
Was General Douglas MacArthur the Allied Commander of the Japanese occupation?
Did Julius Caesar have Pompey as an enemy?
Is Pope Francis the first South American pope?
Was Christopher Columbus married?
Was Winston Churchill married?
Was Mark Antony the first Roman emperor?
Was the Second World War in the 1950s?
Was Hitler involved in both World Wars in some capacity?
Did the Battle of Bunker Hill take place at least partially on a different hill?
Did Alexander the Great die before Hephaestion?
Did George Washington die in office?
Was Thomas Edison president?
Did the Axis win World War 1?
Did Japan participate in World War I?
Did the United Kingdom fight a war against a South American country in the 1990s?
Did the United States fight against France to gain its independence in the Revolutionary War?
Was Adolf Hitler the leader of the Nazi Party?
Was King Henry VIII the King of France during his reign?
Did Mary Tudor burn protestants at the stake?
Did the American Civil War begin in 1846?
Did George Washington die in 1799?
Was the Declaration of Independence written in 1776?
Did the battle of Yorktown happen in 1778?
Was King George III the British monarch during the American Revolutionary War?
Was Kansas part of the Confederate States of America during the Civil War?
Was Joseph Stalin the leader of Germany?
Did Queen Elizabeth I rule England and Ireland for over 40 years?
Was George Washington the third president of the USA?
Was Ralph Nader president of the USA?
Has there ever been a woman president in the USA?
Has there ever been an Asian president in the USA?
Does the D in D Day stand for death?
Did the War of 1812 happen only in that year?
Was Adolf Hitler born in Germany?
Was Boris Yeltsin the first president of Russia?
Did the French burn down the White House in 1814?
Was the United States the first country to join the Allied Powers?
Did the Allies invade Normandy in 1944?
Was Genghis Khan the first emperor of the Mongol Empire?
Did Sweden fight in World War II?
Was George Washington the first president of the United States of America?
Did the Confederate States win the Civil War?
Was Napoleon exiled to the island of Elba and then later escaped?
Did the Egyptians build the pyramids?
Did the USA side with Germany in World War II?
Did George Washington own slaves while in office?
Did the US Civil War start in 1862?
Did the US Revolutionary war last 10 years?
Did "Darwin's finches" actually belong in the family Emberizidae?
Did John Adams have 6 children?
Did Thomas Jefferson serve 2 terms as president of the United States?
Did Benedict Arnold betray the United States?
Did Betsy Ross create the American Flag?
Was Olof Skötkonung the son of Eric the Victorious?
Did Robert II's reign as king of Scots last 33 years?
Did Germany invade Poland before the start of World War II?
Did Japan attack Pearl Harbor before the United States officially entered World War II?
Was Joseph Stalin the ruler of Russia during World War II?
Did Gerald Ford get elected to president in conventional ways?
Did John F. Kennedy serve in World War II?
Did Ethiopia have troops in the Korean War?
Was Israel founded in 1950?
Did WWII occur before the year 2000?
Was the Declaration of Independence signed after 1788?
Did the American Revolution start before 1750?
Was Japan part of the Allied Alliance in World War II?
Has the United States suffered through a second Civil War?
Has Bill Gates ever held office?
Did Spain ever conquer the Philippines?
Did England and France ever have a war with each other?
Was Bill Clinton the 35th president of America?
Did Cleopatra and Julius Caesar know each other in person?
Did Rome ever conquer Egypt?
Was Mata Hari from the Netherlands?
Was John Quincy Adams the fifth president of the United States of America?
Did Ireland fight during the Second World War?
Was the Roanoke Colony the first permanent English colony in North America?
Was Vermont one of the thirteen colonies that fought the American Revolutionary War?
Was Alaska the most recent state to join the United States of America?
Did the French Revolution start in 1789?
Was Washington D.C. the first capital of the United States?
Were there more than 13 original colonies?
Was the Soviet Union an American ally during World War ll?
Was Qin Shi Huang the first emperor of the Qin dynasty?
Was Thomas Jefferson the 2nd U.S. president?
Did Sirhan assassinate John F. Kennedy?
Is Japan currently in the Edo period?
Did the Muromachi period come before the Kamakura period in Japanese history?
Was Russia attacked by the US during the Cold War?
Was Itō Hirobumi the first prime minister of Japan?
Were all of the signatories to the Declaration of Independence born in America?
Did George Washington die of a throat infection?
Did Cleopatra die by suicide?
Did World War 2 come before the first world war?
Was the United Nation created before the League of Nations?
Did the Greek army led by King Agamemnon conquer the city of Troy?
Was Germany part of the Central Powers in World War I?
Was Winston Churchill the prime minister of Great Britain when the Munich Agreement was signed?
Which movie grossed more, Black Widow or Wonder Woman?
Is Scarlett Johansson shorter than Gal Gadot?
Was Spider-Man: Homecoming released before Iron Man 3?
Did Scarface come out before 1990?
Was Star Trek: The Motion Picture released before 1970?
Was Saw released the year before Donnie Brasco came out?
Did Avatar come out after 2010?
Who is younger, Julia Roberts or Sarah Jessica Parker?
Who has more Oscars, Denzel Washington or Samuel L. Jackson?
Is Elijah Wood taller than Sean Astin in real life?
Which filmed was released earlier, Nightmare on Elm Street or Friday the 13th?
Which movie was released first, Terminator or Speed?
Is Tom Cruise taller than Jennifer Lopez?
Who has made more movies, Tom Cruise or Jennifer Lopez?
Who is older, Vin Diesel or Dwayne Johnson?
Was The Revenant released in the same year as Inception?
Was Avatar released the same year as Titanic?
Who is older, Johnny Depp or Tom Cruise?
Did Inception come out before 2015?
Which movie had a bigger budget, Avatar or Toy Story 3?
Who is taller, Tom Hanks or Tom Cruise?
Was Blazing Saddles released the same year as Grown Ups?
Who is taller, Adam Sandler or Charlie Sheen?
Was Up in Smoke released the same year as Blazing Saddles?
Who's won more Academy Awards, Spencer Tracy or Walter Brennan?
Which movie came out first: 2001: A SPACE ODYSSEY or SILENT RUNNING?
Who's taller: Zach Galifianakis or Tom Cruise?
Which director has won more Oscars, Stanley Kubrick or William Wyler?
Which actress has won most Oscars, Jodie Foster or Frances McDormand?
Did Titanic come out before or after Deep Impact?
Who has been in more marvel movies, Chris Evans or Robert Downey Jr.?
Which Lord of the Rings movie had a bigger budget, Return of the King or The Hobbit?
Which movie is longer, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone or Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire?
Who has directed more movies, Ron Howard or Quentin Tarantino?
Who has won more Academy Awards, Katharine Hepburn or Daniel Day-Lewis?
Who is older, Matt Damon or Ben Affleck?
Did Troy come out before 2000?
Which movie had a bigger budget, The Great Wall or Alita: Battle Angel?
Which movie series had more sequels the Matrix Or Scary Movie?
Which movie had more computer generated graphics, Avatar Or Cloudy With a Chance of Meatballs?
Which movie had a bigger budget, Sean of The Dead or Star Wars?
How many Godfather movies are there?
How many Quentin Tarantino movies have won the Palme d'Or at the Cannes Film Festival?
How many movies have grossed over $2 billion worldwide?
How many Indiana Jones movies are there?
How many Saturn Awards did Will Smith win?
How many Academy Awards has Quentin Tarantino won?
How many times did Billie Crystal host the Academy Awards?
How many feature-length movies has David Lynch directed?
How many Academy Awards has David Lynch won?
How many Twilight movies are there?
How many movies were nominated for Best Picture in 2001?
How many awards did the movie Parasite win?
How many movies were nominated for Best Picture in 2002?
How many Saw movies have been released?
How many Goosebumps movies are there?
How many Empire Awards has Tom Cruise won?
How many MCU movies has Thanos appeared in?
How many Oscars has Tom Hanks won?
How many Hulk movies are there?
How many Fantastic Beasts movies are there?
How many movies of Hulk are there after the year 2000?
How many Iron Man movies are there?
How many full-length movies has Taika Waititi directed?
How many Oscars did the movie Parasite win?
How many Shrek movies are there?
How many Academy Awards has Denzel Washington won?
How many Academy Awards has Bong Joon-ho won?
How many Academy Awards has Chloé Zhao won?
How many different years did Marty McFly travel to in all of the Back to the Future movies?
How many Spider-Man movies did Tobey McGuire star in?
How many American Pie movies were made in the main series?
How many westerns did Sergio Leone direct?
How many Candyman movies are there?
How many Toxic Avenger movies are there?
How many Ted movies are there?
What movie did not win highest grossing in 2018?
What movie did not win Best Picture in 2015?
Of the top 5 domestic grossing movies in 2020, which were not distributed by Sony Pictures Entertainment?
Which movie of the Cheetah Girls franchise was Raven Symone not in?
What movie in the High School Musical franchise did not originally air on The Disney Channel?
What movie was announced to be the winner of The Best Picture at the Oscars but actually did not win?
Which movie was Reese Witherspoon nominated for an Oscar but did not win?
Which movie did Josh Trank sign up to direct but dropped out before filming started?
What Martin Scorsese movie was nominated for best director but didn't win?
What Martin Scorsese movie was nominated for a Golden Globe but didn't win?
What Quentin Tarantino movie was nominated for the Critics Choice Movie Award but did not win?
What Wes Anderson movie was nominated for Academy Awards but didn't win?
For which movie was Bernardo Bertolucci nominated for an Academy Award for Best Director but did not win?
For which movie were the Coen brothers nominated for an Academy Award for Best Director but did not win?
For which movie was Colin Firth nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actor but did not win?
For which movie was Eddie Redmayne nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actor but did not win?
What James Cameron movie was nominated for Best Writing but did not win?
Which 1992 Quentin Tarantino movie does not star Brad Pitt?
Which 2018 Stephen Spielberg movie does not star Bruce Willis?
Which movie was nominated 11 times for an Academy Award but did not win?
Which movie did Crispin Glover star in but did not return to for the sequel?
Who was the director for the first Superman movie but not the sequel?
What actress played Marty's girlfriend in the first Back to the Future movie but not the second?
In what 2015 movie, was Meryl Streep nominated for Best Actress but did not win?
Which Best Supporting Actress Award for a movie did Meryl Streep not lose?
In what movie did Brad Pitt play a human that was not alive?
For which movie was Bradley Cooper nominated for Best Picture, Best Actor and Best Adapted Screenplay, but not Best Director?
Which Avengers movie did Elizabeth Olson not appear in?
Which Avengers movie did Ant Man not appear in?
What 2014 movie did Leonardo DiCaprio not win an Oscar for?
What 2003 Tim Burton movie did not feature Johnny Depp?
What 2020 movie directed by Kenneth Branagh was not released in theaters due to COVID-19?
Which actor did not continue his career after starring in The Old Man & the Gun?
What Fresh Prince star did not get the lead role in Hotel Rwanda, as desired by the movie production studio?
Out of the 3 movies in the sequel trilogy for Star Wars, which one was not directed by J. J. Abrams?
Since the first movie was released, which one year in the 2010s did not see the release of a Conjuring movie?
What was the first movie to be released that did not star Christian Bale as Batman?
What Michelle Williams movie was nominated for Best Actress but did not win?
What Ryan Gosling movie was nominated for Best Actor but did not win?
Which Woody Harrelson movie was nominated for Chicago Film Critics Association Award for Best Supporting Actor but did not win?
Which Zhang Yimou movie was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film but did not win?
What movie is directed by David Lowery and is about King Arthur?
What mainline Fast and Furious movie stars Paul Walker but not Vin Diesel?
What is the superhero movie directed by James Gunn but not for Marvel?
Which movie stars Ryan Reynolds and is about him in a video game world?
Which James Bond movie starred Sean Connery and was not produced by Eon Productions?
What movie was based on the Tomb Raider franchise and came out in 2003?
What movie was directed by Danny Leiner and came out in 2004?
What movie had ghosts in it and had a villain trapped in a painting?
What movie was directed by Victor Salva and was released in 2001?
What actor played James Bond and starred in Knives Out?
What movie was directed by Peter Jackson and won the Academy Award for Best Picture?
What actor starred in A Quiet Place and graduated from Brown University?
What actress starred in Charlie's Angels and was born in 1975?
What movie starred Leonardo DiCaprio and was directed by James Cameron?
What actor starred in Forrest Gump and is married to Rita Wilson?
What movie stars Jim Carrey and was directed by Ben Stiller?
Who plays Harry Potter and was born in 1989?
What movie did Nicolas Cage and Sean Connery star in that was based on Alcatraz?
What movie in the first trilogy was directed by Quentin Tarantino and starred Uma Thurman?
What movie starred Kevin Smith and Jason Scott Lee where Kevin plays a duo character called Silent Bob?
What movie starred Jamie Lee Curtis and came out on October 25, 1978?
Which movie starred Neve Campbell and was originally titled Scary Movie?
Which movie series starred Elijah Wood and had a creature named Gollum in it?
Which movie was directed by George A. Romero and came out in 1978?
Which movie starred Naomi Watts and was a remake of a Japanese horror movie?
Which actress starred in The Wizard of Oz and is the daughter of Liza Minnelli?
What movie stars Timothée Chalamet and is referenced in a Lil Nas X song?
What movie was directed by Steven Spielberg and won the Oscar for Best Picture in 1976?
What movie takes place at a famous New York Museum and features Robin Williams as Teddy Roosevelt?
What actor played Harry Potter and was born in London?
What movie was directed by Quentin Tarantino and starred Uma Thurman?
Which Australian born actor was in 2000 movie, X-men?
Which African-American comedian starred in Beverly hills Cop?
Which singer and actor turned down the starring role in Die Hard?
What actor played James Bond and was born in Ireland?
What actress starred in Die Hard and studied at Montclair State University?
What actor played Batman and was born in Wales?
What movie starred Christopher Walken and received 9 Academy Awards?
What movie was directed by Steven Spielberg and starred Liam Neeson?
What movie starred Kate Winslet and was directed by James Cameron?
What actress starred in Moulin Rouge and was born in Australia?
What is the birth date of the director of Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure?
When was the actor born that played Maximus in Gladiator?
How tall is the main actor in Free Guy?
Which detective role did the actor who played Iron Man portray?
Which company did the actress who played Black Widow sue?
What political party does the actor who played Hulk belong to?
On which platform did the latest series of the actor who played Loki premiere?
Who is the sister of the actress who played Jane Volturi in Twilight Saga?
Where was the actress who played Hermione Granger born?
When did the actor who played Professor Snape in Harry Potter pass away?
Who is the wife of the actor who played Deadpool?
How many Academy Awards did the actor who played Jack Dawson in Titanic win?
Where was the actor that played Doc Holiday in the movie Tombstone born?
How old is the director of Two and a Half Men?
What is the name of the actor who played Bruce Lee in Once Upon A Time In Hollywood?
How tall is the actor who played Harry Potter?
How tall is the actor who played Gimli?
When was the director of The Sandlot born?
When was the director of The Zodiac born?
Who is the director of the superhero movie that stars the actor who played Khal Drogo in Game of Thrones?
Who is the director of the superhero movie that stars the actress who is Johnny Depp's ex-wife?
How tall is the actor who played Khal Drogo in Game of Thrones?
How old is the wife of the actor who played the title character in Aquaman?
Which installment of the Fast & Furious franchise did the director of Aquaman direct?
How old is the actor who played Aragorn in Lord of the Rings?
How old is the director of Collateral?
How old is the actor who played the captain in Star Trek: The Next Generation?
Where is the director of Scream from?
How old is the actress who played Bella in Twilight?
How old is the director of Lord of the Rings?
How many kids does the director of Goodfellas have?
Where did the director of Twilight grow up?
What is the name of the star of Iron Man's wife?
What is the name of the star of Iron Man's eldest child?
What is the name of the star of Iron Man's youngest child?
What is the name of the star of Iron Man's middle child?
How many children does the star of Iron Man have?
How many siblings does the leading actor of The Green Knight have?
Where was the director of Jungle Cruise born?
Where is the director of Reminiscence originally from?
Who is the husband of the leading actress in Black Widow?
How many Oscars does the lead actress in Breakfast at Tiffanys have?
How tall is the director of Matilda?
What yogurt does the lead actress of the Halloween franchise endorse?
What group of people were the inspiration for the highest grossing movie of all time?
Where was the director of Parasite born?
Which character did the director of Matilda play?
How many Oscars does the lead actress in La La Land have?
How many movies has the director of Pulp Fiction made?
Where was the actress from Midsommar born?
When was the first Matrix movie released?
When was the second X-Men movie in the original trilogy released?
What was the first movie Julia Roberts starred in in 2003?
What is the second Thor movie starring Chris Hemsworth?
What is the third Hunger Games movie chronologically?
What was the first Star Wars movie with Natalie Portman?
When did Peter Jackson win his first Academy award?
What is the penultimate Twilight movie?
What is the fourth Harry Potter movie chronologically?
What was the last movie Heath Ledger was in?
What was the second Matrix movie called?
When did the third Harry Potter movie come out?
What year did the second jaws movie come out?
What was the third movie in the Star Wars prequels called?
What was the second Batman movie to star Christian Bale called?
When did Quentin Tarantino win his first Oscar?
What is the third movie in National Lampoon's Vacation series?
What is the last movie chronologically in the Star Wars series?
What was the last movie Hayden Christensen appeared in?
What was the last movie Robert De Nero appeared in?
Natalie Portman won her first Oscar in what year?
The first Star Wars movie came out in what year?
What is the second Fast and Furious movie called?
What was the name of the third Back to the Future movie?
What is the first Sandlot movie called?
What is the first Star Wars movie chronologically?
What is the last Star Wars movie called?
Who is the last actor to play James Bond?
What was the last movie directed by Charlie Chaplin?
What is the name of the third movie in the "Rocky" franchise?
When did Olivia de Havilland win her last Oscar?
When was Jessica Chastain nominated for her first Oscar?
What year did the first movie in the Matrix series release?
What year did the first movie in the Terminator series release?
When was Leonardo DiCaprio nominated for his first Oscar?
What Harry Potter movie is the longest?
Who is the oldest director to win an Academy Award for Best Director?
What Hunger Games movie is the shortest?
Who is the oldest person to win an Academy Award in any category?
What is the worldwide highest grossing movie of all time?
Who is the youngest person to win the Academy Award for Best Director?
What cinematic movie has the longest runtime?
Who is the highest paid actor of all time?
Who is the tallest actress?
What was the longest theatrical run of a movie?
What is the longest movie ever made?
Which Avengers movie made the least money?
Which movie has spent the most time in theaters?
Which movie franchise has the most sequels?
Which movie lost the most money?
Which Star Wars trilogy movie had the highest budget?
Which Star Wars trilogy movie had the smallest budget?
Which movie had the greatest number of extras?
What movie has the least amount of dialog?
Which actor has won Best Actress the most?
What is the highest grossing movie of all time?
Which Marvel movie is the longest?
Which Marvel movie is the shortest?
Which Lord of the Rings movie made the most money?
Which actress has received the most Academy Award nominations?
Which Harry Potter movie received the highest IMDb rating?
Which Twilight movie has the shortest duration?
Which movie star won the most Academy Awards?
Who was the oldest winner of Best Director award?
Which movie has won the most Oscars without winning Best Picture?
What was the longest movie to win Best Picture?
What was the highest grossing movie to win Best Picture?
Who is the youngest actress to win an Oscar for Best Actress?
Who is the oldest actor to win an Oscar?
Who is the youngest actor to be nominated for an Oscar?
Who is the oldest actor to be nominated for an Oscar?
What is the highest-grossing film of all time?
Who has won the most Academy Awards?
Who is the oldest person to win the Academy Award for Best Actor?
Which movie holds the record for highest grossing opening weekend?
Which Star Wars movie had the biggest budget?
What is the shortest movie ever made?
Which movie is the highest grossing of all time?
Which movie is the lowest grossing of all time?
Who's the oldest person to win an Academy Award?
What is the longest movie of all time?
Which actor was given the most money for their role in a single movie?
What is the oldest movie ever shown on television?
Was Tom Hanks the voice of Woody in Toy Story?
Was the budget for Slumdog Millionaire above 20 million?
Was Slumdog Millionaire directed by Danny Boyle?
Was Brad Pitt in the movie The Big Short?
Was Will Smith in Men In Black?
Did Adam Sandler star in Transformers?
Was Brad Pitt in Fight Club?
Was Johnny Depp the main character in The Matrix?
Did Heath Ledger star as the joker in any Batman movie?
Was The Karate Kid released in 1979?
Did Craig Ferguson voice act in How to Train Your Dragon?
Was Ian McKellen in The Hobbit movies?
Did Rowan Atkins make an appearance in Jaws?
Was Luke Skywalker a character in Star Trek?
Was Planet of the Apes set on Earth?
Was Charlton Heston in "The Ten Commandments"?
Has Adam Sandler ever won an Academy Award?
Was there a sequel to Taken?
Was Adam Driver in any Star Wars movies?
Has Viggo Mortensen won an Oscar?
Did Liam Neeson win an Oscar for Schindler's List?
Was Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows split into 2 movies?
Did Jaws get 4 Academy Award nominations?
Did The Color Purple win Best Picture?
Was Will Smith in Bad Boys?
Is Grease a musical?
Was Tom Cruise in every Mission Impossible?
Was the skyscraper in Die Hard called Nakatomi Plaza?
Was the flavor of Pop Tarts chocolate that Buddy the Elf used in his spaghetti in Elf?
Did Steven Spielberg win an Oscar for Best Director?
Was Morgan Freeman in The Shawshank Redemption?
Has Leonardo DiCaprio ever been in a movie with Brad Pitt?
Was The Revenant released in 2005?
Are there more than four Twilight movies?
Did Ron Howard direct any Marvel movies?
Has Steven Spielberg been making movies since the 70s?
Did Parasite win the Oscar for Best Picture?
Did Rodger Ebert give North zero stars?
Was Bill Cosby the first Razzie winner to accept his award?
Did Suicide Squad win an Oscar?
Who is taller, Kevin Jonas or Nick Jonas?
Which Lady Gaga song has a longer duration, Bad Romance or Million Reasons?
Did Taylor Swift release the album "Reputation" before "Evermore"?
Which BTS Tour had lesser attendance, The Wings Tour or Love Yourself World Tour?
Is Blackpink member Jennie shorter than Lisa?
Who is older, Aretha Franklin or Miley Cyrus?
Did Hit Me Baby One More Time come out in the same year as Southern Hospitality?
Who is younger, Lil Baby or Elvis Presley?
Who is older? The Weeknd or Eminem?
Who is older? Beyoncé or Shakira?
Which group has more members out of Do or Die and Bone Thugs in Harmony?
Did Jay-Z release Reasonable Doubt before he released The Black Album?
Which album has more songs, Illmatic or The Marshall Mathers LP?
Did All Eyez On Me come out in the same year as It Was Written did?
Which song came out first, Wild Wild West or Miami?
What album came first, Let It Be or Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band?
What Ed Sheeran song is newer, Bad Habits or Shape of You?
Which Rise Against album came out first, Revolutions Per Minute or The Unraveling?
Which offspring album had more songs, Conspiracy of One or Ixnay on the Hombre?
Who is older, Ariana Grande or Taylor Swift?
Who is older, Lady Gaga or Katy Perry?
Which Linkin Park album had more songs, Hybrid Theory or Meteora?
Did Another One Bites the Dust come out before 1982?
Did Michael Jackson's "Bad" have more songs than "Thriller"?
Who is older, Taylor Swift or Hayley Williams?
Did Shake It Off by Taylor Swift come out before 2012?
Did Alright by Kendrick Lamar come out before 2013?
Did Just Give me a Reason come out before The Reason?
Did Umbrella come out before Crazy?
Did Lose Yourself come out before Love the Way you Lie?
Which Fratelli's album came out first, Costello Music or Here We Stand?
Is Trent Reznor older than Marilyn Manson?
Did Feel Good Inc. come out the same year as Gold Digger?
Who is older, Paul McCartney or Ringo Starr?
Did Smells Like Teen Spirit come out after 1990?
Did Blink 182 have more albums than Weezer?
Who is older, David Bowie or Sting?
Who is heavier, Mick Jagger or Elton John?
Did the song Firework by Katy Perry come out before 2000?
How many Billboard Music Awards did Taylor Swift win in 2021?
In how many countries did The Beatles hold their 1965 European tour?
How many members are there in The Jonas Brothers?
How many remix albums did Rihanna released?
How many members are in Metallica?
How many albums did The Beatles release in 1963?
How many former members does Metallica have?
How many members were in The Beatles?
How many Grammys has Metallica won for Best Rock Album?
How many Grammy Awards did Adele win in 2009?
How many Grammy Awards has Britney Spears won?
How many Grammy Awards did Ariana Grande win in 2018?
How many Grammy Awards did Ariana Grande win in 2020?
How many Grammy Awards did Beyoncé win in 2020?
How many group members are in Linkin Park?
How many members are in The Beatles?
What Grammy Awards nominations has Eminem won?
How many members are in Westlife?
How many members are in One Direction?
How many Jonas Brothers are there?
How many members are there in Blackpink?
How many Grammy Awards has Justin Bieber won?
How many studio albums has Pink released?
How many members are there in Little MIx?
How many members are in Babymetal?
How many members are in Chvrches?
How many members are in the group "Backstreet Boys"?
How many years were between Drake's newest studio album and the album before that?
How many Grammy Awards did Drake win in 2020?
How many Grammy Awards did Lil Baby win in 2020?
How many members are in Twice?
How many artists are on the Illmatic album released by Nas?
How many Billboard Awards did NSYNC win in 2002?
How many members are there in Keane?
How many members are there in Aerosmith currently?
How many members are there in Red Hot Chilli Peppers?
How many members are there in Fun?
Who was the only member of NSYNC to not perform at their last "reunion"?
What Grammy Award was Poker Face by Lady Gaga nominated for, but did not win?
What Grammy Award was You Belong With Me by Taylor Swift nominated for, but did not win?
Which members of The Beatles have not died?
What Beatles albums did not reach number 1?
Which member of The Who is no longer alive?
What Grammy Award was Black Parade nominated for in 2021 but did not win?
What Grammy Award was Everything I Wanted nominated for but didn't win?
What Grammy Award was Blue Umbrella nominated for in 2021 but did not win?
Which Billboard Music Awards category was Michael Jackson nominated for in 1992 but did not win?
Which member of the Jonas Brothers was not born in the 1980s?
Which was the only member of Linkin Park who does not like the song "In The End"?
Which member of the current line up of the Spice Girls was not part of the original group?
What Grammy Award was Fuel nominated for but did not win?
What Grammy Award was For Whom The Bell Tolls nominated for but did not win?
What Grammy Award was Metallica Through The Never nominated for but did not win?
What award for "Can't Feel My Face" did the Weeknd not win in 2015?
What song recorded around the time of Taylor Swift's first album was not released?
Which Bone Thugs-n-Harmony album did not come out before 2015?
Which Dr. Dre albums did not get released in the 1990s?
Which Kendrick Lamar albums, excluding mixtapes, did Kendrick Lamar not release in the 2010s?
Which D12 members are no longer alive?
Which member of *NSYNC is not heterosexual?
What rapper-turned-actor in Law in Order was not a member of N.W.A.?
What Kendrick Lamar album was nominated but did not win Record of the Year in the 2018 Grammys?
What Grammy Award was Ariana Grande nominated for but did not win?
What Grammy Award was Billie Eilish nominated for but did not win?
What Grammy Award was 2Pac nominated for but did not win?
What Grammy Award was Justin Timberlake nominated for but did not win?
Which original Westlife member is not with the music group in 2021?
Which Westlife album was the first one to not be in the Irish Number 1 Album chart?
Which A1 (boy band) member is not present in the 2009 reunion but rejoined in 2017?
Which X-Factor winner did not get the Christmas number 1 in the UK Singles Chart after they were beaten by Rage Against The Machine?
Which album by Demi Lovato came out in 2015?
Which member of My Chemical Romance wrote the comic book The Umbrella Academy?
Who is the member of the Spice Girls that married a professional soccer player?
What 2019 song by Taylor Swift featured the Dixie Chicks?
What album by Panic! at the Disco came out in 2005?
Who was a member of both Pantera and Down?
Which member of Pantera died in Las Vegas?
What member of the Beatles died in 1980?
Who was in both The Jimi Hendrix Experience and King of Rhythm?
Which record label managed UGK's career and Pimp C's solo career?
Which year did DMX release an album and pass away?
Which rapper was part of the top 3 trap rappers but not from Atlanta?
Who was the singer who made a video with Snoop Dogg but also made a video with Kanye West?
Who was the Queen member who was a guitarist but also an astrophysicist?
Which singer released her music album at the same time as she was recording a movie?
Who is the only member of One Direction who was not born in England?
Who was the singer of Thriller who had a huge ranch?
Who was the singer of Oops I Did It Again that had problems with her conservatorship?
Who is the member of Nirvana that later became the vocalist of Foo Fighters?
Which member of Queen holds a PHD in Astrophysics?
Which member of Queen died due to aids?
Which member of BTS acted in the Korean drama Hwarang: The Poet Warrior Youth?
Which Taylor Swift's music video won the 2016 Grammy Awards for Best Music Video?
Which Whitney Houston's best-selling single is the remake of Dolly Parton's 1973 song?
Which member of One Direction made a cameo in the movie Ocean's 8?
Which American Idol winner was one of the voice casts for Trolls World Tour?
Which Snow Patrol album came out in 2006?
Which member of *NSYNC came out as gay?
Which *NSYNC album came out in 2000?
Which Backstreet Boys album came out in 1999?
What was the first Black Sabbath album released that did not have the word "Black" in the title?
Which Judas Priest singer was American?
Which member of G-Unit was in the movie Get Rich or Die Tryin'?
Which TV shows did Ariana Grande act in that aired on Nickelodeon?
Who was a member of both the Nirvana and Foo Fighters?
Who was the member of One Direction who is Middle Eastern?
Who was the member of (G)I-DLE who is Chinese?
Who was the member of (G)I-DLE who is Taiwanese?
Which BBC One comedy series had the youngest member of the Spice Girls as a recurring cast member?
Where was the singer of "I Kissed a Girl" born?
Who is the singer of "Iron Man" married to?
Where was the singer of "Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap" born?
How old was the lead singer of Nirvana when he died?
Where was the youngest member of The Beatles born?
Where did the youngest member of The Beatles die?
How tall is the lead singer of Arcade Fire?
How old was the singer of Heartbreak Hotel when he died?
How tall was the singer of Blue Suede Shoes?
What year was the singer of Don't Be Cruel born?
How many times has the singer of "You Oughta Know" been married?
What is the real name of the performer who sang "Benny and the Jets"?
How many children does the singer of "Orinoco Flow" have?
At what age did the singer of "Jailhouse Rock" die?
How old was the artist who released the album "Illmatic" when it was released?
Where was the original lead singer of ZZ Top born?
How many tracks are on the original release of Michael Jackson's best-selling album?
Where was the former member of One Direction born?
How old is the singer of Shake it Off?
How old was Will Smith when he released Miami?
How old was Prince when he died?
How old was Michael Jackson when he died?
When was the singer of "My Heart Will Go On" born?
Who is the singer of Yummy married to?
How old was the singer of Just Beat it when he died?
How many members were there in the band who sang Last Christmas?
How old was the original singer of Alice in Chains when he died in 2002?
How tall is the singer of "Crazy Train"?
How tall is the singer of "I Wanna Rock and Roll All Nite"?
How old is the drummer of The Beatles?
How old is the Pearl Jam singer?
What academic degree did the lead guitarist of Queen receive from Imperial College London in 2007?
Where is the birthplace of the American Idol's first season winner?
What is the second Prince album?
When did Madonna win her first Grammy?
What is the first REM album?
What was Snow Patrol's first studio album?
What was Usher's first studio album?
What was N.W.A.'s last studio album?
When did Bon Jovi win their first Grammy?
What is the second Metallica album?
When did Guns N' Roses win their first American Music Awards?
What year did Queen first start performing?
When did Eminem win his first award?
What was Madonna's third song?
What year did Madonna win her third award?
What year was Elton John's first album released?
When did Dave Matthews release his first album?
When did Will Smith have his first No. 1 hit?
What is the third Rise Against album?
What was the Smith's second album called?
What was Van Halen's fourth album called?
What was Billy Squire's first album called?
What was Cher's first album called?
What is the title of John Lennon's third studio album released with Yoko Ono?
When did The Weeknd win his second Grammy?
What is Amy Winehouse's last studio album?
What is the first album by Irish rock band U2?
What was the seventh studio album by American singer and songwriter Michael Jackson?
Who was the first drummer of Blink 182?
When did Elton John win his last Grammy?
What was the name of the second REM album?
What was the name of the first album the Rolling Stones released after Brian Jones died?
Which year was the first Kinks album released?
What is the name of the first Oasis album?
What is the name of the last Beatles single to go to number 1 in the U.S. Billboard chart?
What was Michael Jackson's first solo album?
In what year did Britney Spears have her first hit single?
What was Slipknot's second album?
What was Destiny Child's last single?
What was the first single off NSYNC's first album?
Who was the very first winner of American Idol?
Who was the first lead singer of Genesis?
What was Madonna's first top ten hit?
Who was the first woman ever inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame?
What was Jimi Hendrix first and only top 40 hit?
Who is the oldest person to win the Grammy for Best Traditional Blues Album?
Who is the oldest person to win a Grammy for Song of the Year?
Who is the youngest person who won Song of the Year at the Grammys?
Who is the youngest person who won Best New Artist at the Grammys?
Who is the oldest person to win a Grammy award?
Which band has won the most Grammy Awards?
Which album won the most Grammy Awards in one night?
Who is the youngest member of BTS?
Who is the tallest member of BTS?
What is the most admired award for singing?
Who is the youngest individual singer to win a Grammy?
Which song has the shortest duration in Lady Gaga's Chromatica standard edition album?
Who is the tallest member of the Jonas Brothers?
Who won the most Grammy Awards ever?
What woman has the most Grammy nominations ever?
Who are the two women tied for most Grammy Award wins in one night?
Who was the oldest person to ever win a Grammy Award?
Which album won the most Grammy Awards?
What song has the most weeks in the number one spot on Billboard's Hot 100 chart?
Which British performer won the most Grammys?
What is Queen's longest song?
What is Prince's biggest selling album?
Who won the most Grammys in 2020?
What is the longest song on the Big Ones album?
What female artist has the most Grammys?
What female artists has the second most Grammys?
What female artist won the most Grammys in 2020?
Who has won more Grammy Awards than any other engineer or mixer?
Who has won more Grammy Awards than any other rapper?
Which band holds the record for most Grammy Awards won by a group?
Who has won the most Grammy Awards ever?
What is the longest song on the Hybrid Theory album?
How many records did the best-selling album of all time sell?
What is the shortest track on Future's Purple Reign album?
Who was the youngest person to win a solo Grammy Award?
Which male artist won the most Grammy Awards ever?
Who is the shortest member in Blackpink?
Who is the oldest member of One Direction?
What is the shortest A Perfect Circle track on the Thirteenth Step album?
What is the shortest track on Smoke and Mirrors album?
What song remained longest at number 1 on top 10 Billboard Awards?
Who is the most covered artist?
Has Hall and Oates ever won a Grammy Award?
Did Daft Punk's song One More Time come out in the year 2001?
Did Jimi Hendrix ever win a Grammy?
Is Metallica still touring?
Is One Direction still together?
Is Steven Tyler still the lead singer of Aerosmith?
Did the Rolling Stones have a UK number one before The Beatles did?
Did the The Grateful Dead have a number one hit on the Billboard Hot 100 list?
Did Led Zeppelin record and release any new studio albums after Jonn Bonham died?
Is Back To Black the second Amy Winehouse album?
Did the album 19 by Adele win the Mercury Music Prize in 2008?
Was Brie Larson ever a pop star?
Did Berry Gordy found Motown Records?
Is Eminem's movie 8 Mile named after a road in Indiana?
Did Lil Durk release a studio album in 2020?
Has Tim McGraw ever sung a duet with Faith Hill?
Has Miranda Lambert ever won a Grammy?
Has Jason Aldean ever sung a song with Carrie Underwood?
Did Eric Church's outsiders album come out before Sinners Like Me?
Did Michael Jackson ever win a Grammy?
Did Bob Dylan stop touring before he turned 50?
Did David Bowie ever do a song with a member of the Rolling Stones?
Was Ronnie James Dio ever in Black Sabbath?
Was Tim Owens ever the singer of Iced Earth?
Was Jimmy Page a guitarist?
Are Metallica a punk rock group?
Is Eminem a rapper?
Has Beyoncé made a song with Shakira?
Has Nicki Minaj made a song with Shakira?
Did Jennifer Lopez make a song with Selena Quintanilla?
Did Mac Miller win a Grammy for I am the greatest?
Was Bob Dylan in a super group with Karl Marx?
Is Elvis still alive?
Did Vanilla Ice ever win a Grammy?
Who won more Championships Michael Jordan or Kobe Bryant?
Is Dwight Howard taller than Anthony Davis?
Does Giannis Antetokounmpo have more championships than Joel Embiid?
Who has won more Ballon d'Or awards, Cristiano Ronaldo or Lionel Messi?
Which team has won the Super Bowl more times, New England Patriots or Dallas Cowboys?
Did Serena Williams win her first Grand Slam tournament before her sister, Venus Williams?
Who has the most major gold tournament wins, Tiger Woods or Jack Nicklaus?
Who has won more world series, the St. Louis Cardinals or the Chicago Cubs?
Which team existed first, the Tampa Bay Devil Rays or the Los Angeles Angels?
Who had more career stolen bases, Lou Brock or Ty Cobb?
Which team won more Super Bowls, the NY Giants or the NY Jets?
Is Ben Simmons younger than Joel Embiid?
Is Serena Williams older than Venus Williams?
Who had more home runs, Hank Aaron or Babe Ruth?
Which country won more medals in the 2020 Tokyo Olympics, Japan or China?
Is Simone Biles older than Aly Raisman?
Who had more wins in their career of boxing, Mike Tyson or Evander Holyfield?
Who has more NBA Finals MVP awards, Michael Jordan or LeBron James?
Has Cristiano Ronaldo played in more leagues than Lionel Messi?
Who has won more Grand Slams, Roger Federer or Rafael Nadal?
Is the USA the country with most gold medals won at the Olympics?
Is Michael Jordan older than Shaquille O'Neal?
Is Todd Frazier older than Derek Jeter?
Is Aaron Rodgers older than Deshaun Watson?
Has Tiger Woods won more majors than Phil Mickelson?
Did Wayne Gretzky play for the Kings before Anze Kopitar?
Who has more Driver's Championships, Lewis Hamilton or Sebastian Vettel?
Who has more race wins, Lewis Hamilton or Fernando Alonso?
Is Lionel Messi older than Kylian Mbappe?
Who won more Golden Balls, Lionel Messi or Cristiano Ronaldo?
Who scored more goals overall, Lionel Messi or Cristiano Ronaldo?
Did Lionel Messi join PSG before 2020?
Did Cristiano Ronaldo join Juventus before 2016?
How many more championships have the Cowboys won over the Bears?
Did Zack Wilson play as quarterback for the Jets before 2021?
Has the Islanders won more or less Stanley Cups than the Rangers?
Is Tom Brady older than Peyton Manning?
Is Babe Ruth older than Sandy Koufax?
Did Kam Chancellor join the Seahawks in 1994?
Is Michael Jordan older than LeBron James?
Is Patrick Mahomes older than Tom Brady?
How many times did Pete Rose win MLB's Most Valuable Player?
How many times did the U.S. soccer team play in the World Cup?
How many gold medals did Greg Louganis win for Olympic Diving?
How many men's FIFA world cups has England won?
How many of the four Grand Slam titles in tennis has Naomi Osaka won at least once?
How many teams did Michael Jordan play for in the NBA?
How many times has Chile won the Copa América in men's soccer?
How many different teams did Shaquille O'Neal play for?
How many Super Bowls has Tom Brady won?
How many teams has Shohei Ohtani played for?
How many different teams has Tom Brady played for?
How many running backs are on the Denver Broncos roster?
How many Super Bowls have the Seattle Seahawks won?
How many championships have the Lakers won?
How many championships have the Boston Celtics won?
How many championships have the Chicago bulls won?
How many Super Bowls has Dan Marino won?
How many Super Bowls has Jim Kelly won?
How many Super Bowls has Fran Tarkenton won?
How many Super Bowls has Dan Fouts won?
How many Super Bowls has Warren Moon won?
How many NBA final championships did Kobe Bryant win?
How many Super Bowls did Eli Manning win with the Giants?
How many different teams did Robert Horry win a championship with?
How many years did Kobe Bryant and Shaquille O Neal play on the same team together?
How many professional teams has Lionel Messi played for in his career?
How many Formula 1 teams has Mick Schumacher driven for?
How many teams did Carl Edwards drive for in NASCAR's Cup series?
How many NASCAR Cup championships were won by a tiebreaker?
How many people have won the title on American Ninja Warrior?
How many teams has Tom Brady played for?
How many teams has Rob Gronkowski played for?
How many teams has Randy Moss played for?
How many teams has David Ortiz played for?
How many teams has Pedro Martinez played for?
How many different teams did Michael Jordan play for?
How many NBA championships has LeBron James won?
How many superbowls did Dan Marino play in?
How many finals has LeBron James won?
How many finals has Dwyane Wade won?
How many teams did Tom Brady play for?
How many Super Bowls as Eli Manning won?
How many medals has Simone Biles won?
How many Olympics has Aly Raisman competed in?
How many Super Bowl's have the Dallas Cowboys won?
How many Olympics has Suni Lee competed in?
How many national championships have Clemson won?
How many times did Tom Brady not win MVP when his team won the Super Bowl?
How many times did Kobe Bryant not make the All-Star team?
How many times has Serena Williams not won Wimbledon when she played in it?
How many Olympic medals does Nastia Liukin have that are not silver?
In what year did the U.S. not participate in the Summer Olympics?
How many NBA teams have not won a championship?
How many NFL teams have not won a Superbowl?
How many states do not have an NBA team?
What Super Bowls did the Seattle Seahawks play in but not win?
What years did the Seattle Mariners play in the ALCS but not win?
How many men's World Cup finals has Germany played in but not won?
How many Olympic medals does LeBron James have that are not gold?
What Super Bowls did Russell Wilson play in but not win?
What Super Bowl did JImmy Garapolo start in but not win?
What Super Bowl did Colin Kapernick play in but not win?
How many Olympic medals does Valarie Allman have that are not silver?
How many Olympic medals does Matt Anderson have that are not silver?
How many FIFA world best player did Christian Ronaldo not win against Lionel Messi?
How many Champions League finals did Liverpool not win against AC Milan?
Which Super Bowls did Tom Brady participate in but not win?
How many world championship track and field medals has Usain Bolt won that were not gold medals?
What sport did Bo Jackson play professionally that was not football?
How many NBA championships did Kobe Bryant not win?
How many Stanley Cups did Wayne Gretzky not win?
How many games did LeBron James not play in due to an ankle injury?
In how many finals did Lionel Messi not win?
How many Olympic medals does Michael Phelps have that are not gold or bronze?
How many Olympic medals does Michael Phelps have that are not silver or bronze?
How many Olympic medals does Usain Bolt have that are not silver or bronze?
How many Olympic medals does the Argentinian national soccer team have that are not silver or bronze?
How many Olympic medals does Roger Federer have that aren't silver?
Which team did LeBron James not win against in the 2007 finals?
How many Olympic medals did Katie Ledecky receive that are not bronze?
How many Super Bowls games has the Washington Football Team not won?
In 2021, which Grand Slam tournament did Novak Djokovic not win?
What World Series did the Rockies play in but not win?
What Stanley Cup Finals did the Stars play in but not win?
How many playoff finals did LeBron lose in his entire career?
In 2020, how many games did the Heat lose in during the season?
How many gold medals did the USA team not win in Olympics history?
How many finals did the LA Lakers not win in basketball history?
Who was a Dutch player in the Liverpool team in 2020 born 11 November 1990?
Who is an American professional baseball infielder for the Colorado Rockies born in Winter Park, Florida?
Who is the manager of Premier League club Leicester City and is a Northern Irish professional football manager?
Who is an English professional footballer who plays as a midfielder and captain for Premier League club Liverpool and also born on June 17, 1990?
Who is the Portuguese player bought from Wolverhampton by Liverpool in 2020 and he was born on December 4, 1996?
Which Hall of Fame quarterback played for the University of Tennessee and the Indianapolis Colts?
Which team plays at Nissan Stadium and used to have Marcus Mariota?
Who is a member of the New York Yankees and played at Fresno State university?
Which team is coached by Jon Gruden and used to play in Oakland, California?
Which team lost Super Bowl XLVIII and won Super Bowl 50?
Which team plays homes games in Florida and used to have Wade and LeBron?
Which college basketball player died from a shooting and played for a sports team located in Memphis?
Which basketball player supported a school named "I promise school" and played for a team whose home is at the Staples Center?
Which tennis player married a Reddit co-founder and lost at the French Open in 2021?
What team plays at Ball Arena and used to have Carmelo Anthony?
What team plays at Wrigley Field and used to have Anthony Rizzo?
What team plays at Fenway Park and used to have Andrew Benintendi?
What team plays at Staples Center and used to have Dennis Schroeder?
What team plays at Tropicana Field and used to have Blake Snell?
Who has won 6 Super Bowl Rings with the New England Patriots and 1 Super Bowl Ring with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers?
What athlete played for the Los Angeles Raiders and the Kansas City Royals?
What team at the Staples Center used to have Kobe Bryant?
What player for the Los Angeles Angels is both a pitcher and an MVP batter?
What team that plays at Staples Center used to have Chris Paul?
Which professional golfer won the 2021 U.S. Open and was part of the European Ryder Cup team in 2021?
Which European football club won the UEFA Champions League and placed 4th in the Premier League in 2021?
Which tennis player won the 2020 French Open and was born in Manacor, Mallorca, Spain?
Which player won the 2021 NBA Championship with the Milwaukee Bucks and is nicknamed the "Greek Freak"?
Which team plays at Wrigley Field and used to have Javier Baez?
Who plays for the Golden State Warriors and is from Akron, Ohio?
Who was a captain for the Chicago Blackhawks and won a gold medal in the 2010 Winter Olympics?
Who plays in California and had Chone Figgins for more than just one season?
Who drives for Red Bull F1 racing and was born in Hasselt, Belgium?
Who was the 2011 Nascar cup series champion and has the nickname "Happy?"?
Who is the only current black driver in Formula 1 and has won 7 championships?
Who has 7 NASCAR Cup Series championships and now drives in the Indycar series?
Who has won four times NBA MVP and is playing for Lakers right now?
Who was drafted by Orlando Magic, played for Lakers in 2020, and rejoined the Lakers this off season?
Which NBA player played for the Knicks and was born in Englewood, Chicago?
Which NBA player played for the Bulls and later tried his hand at baseball?
Which NBA player played for the Miami Heat and was in the 2020 Summer Olympics?
Who was the number one draft pick for the Philadelphia 76ers in 2016 and born in Melbourne, Australia?
Who was the third overall pick in the 2014 NBA draft and is the 2021 center for the Philadelphia 76ers?
Who won the all-around gold medal in gymnastics at the 1984 Summer Olympics and was born in West Virginia?
Who was the captain of the team that won the World Cup in 2018?
Who was the head coach of the team that won the Stanley Cup in 2020?
Who was the manager of the team that won the World Series in 2020?
Who was the head coach of the team that won the first ever Super Bowl?
Who was the quarterback of the team that won Super Bowl LV?
How old is the current manager of the Boston Red Sox?
Who was the quarterback of the team that won Super Bowl 49?
Who was the quarterback of the team that won Super Bowl 48?
Who was the manager of the baseball team that won the World Series in 1984?
Who was the head coach of the second team to win a Super Bowl?
Who was the quarterback for team that lost in Super Bowl XXI?
Who was the leading rusher for the team that won Super Bowl XVIII?
How many goals was scored in the final by the winner of UEFA Champions League 2020-21?
What team does the winner of the English Premier League Golden Boot for 2020-21 play for?
What team does the winner of the English Premier League Best Manager for 2020-21 manage?
Who was quarterback in the team that won the first Super Bowl?
Who was quarterback in the team that lost the first Super Bowl?
Where was the quarterback of the New England Patriots in 2017 born?
Who was the quarterback of the losing team in Super Bowl XLV?
Where was the coach of the Detroit Pistons born?
Who was the quarterback of the team that won Super Bowl XLVIII?
Who was the coach of the team that won Super Bowl XLVIII?
Who was MVP of the team that won Super Bowl XLVIII?
Who was the quarterback of the team that lost Super Bowl XLVIII?
Who was the quarterback of the team that won Super Bowl 34?
Who was the quarterback of the team that won Super Bowl 33?
Who was the quarterback of the team that won Super Bowl 31?
Who was the caddy for the golfer who won the 2005 US Open?
What country was the golfer who won the 2008 Masters tournament from?
Who is the wife of the quarterback from the team who won the 2015 Superbowl?
What year was the current head coach of the Jacksonville Jaguars born?
What college did the head coach of the Chicago Bulls graduate from?
How old is the current manager of Roma?
How old is the current PSG manager?
Who was the manager of the World Series champions in 2020?
Who was the manager of the 1986 world series champions?
In which country was the current NBA MVP born?
Who was the captain for the team that won the 2015 Stanley Cup?
Which university did the leading scorer in the 1991-92 NBA season attend?
Who was the captain of the Argentina national team that won the Copa America this year?
How old is the current manager of Manchester City?
What is the second NBA team Michael Jordan played for?
What is the second NBA team Shaquille O'Neal played for?
What is the third NBA team Shaquille O'Neal played for?
What is the fourth NBA team Shaquille O'Neal played for?
What is the last team that LeBron James beat in the NBA Finals that he did not win with the L.A. Lakers?
When did Kawhi Leonard win his first NBA championship?
Who is the second team that LeBron James played with?
When was the last year a team with 70+ wins lost in an NBA Finals basketball series?
When was Roger Federer's first ATP debut?
When was Cristiano Ronaldo's last Champions League Match as a Manchester United player?
Where was Tiger Woods' last game played at?
What was Tom Brady's first NFL team?
What year did Nolan Ryan throw his last professional pitch?
In what rink did Wayne Gretzky score his first NHL goal?
Who caught the last touchdown for the San Diego Chargers?
Who won the last Rookie of the Year award for the Seattle SuperSonics?
When was Max Verstappen's last win?
How old was Dale Earnhardt during his last race?
What year did the Philadelphia Phillies win their first World Series?
What year did the Philadelphia Phillies win their second World Series?
When was the last year the Philadelphia 76ers won the championship?
When was the last year the Philadelphia Flyers won a Stanley Cup?
When did the New England Patriots win their first Super Bowl?
When did the Green Bay Packers win their last Super Bowl?
When did Michael Phelps win his first Olympic medal?
When did Tiger Woods last win the U.S. Open?
What was the last championship won by Lionel Messi for Argentina?
When did England win their first FIFA World Cup?
What was the first NBA team Michael Jordan played for?
When did Manchester City first win the Premier League (not the First Division)?
What year did Vince Lombardi win his first Super Bowl?
What year did Germany win its first men's World Cup?
Who is the first NBA team that Shawn Kemp played for?
When did Kobe Bryant win his last NBA championship?
Who was the first pick in the 2012 NBA draft for the Golden State Warriors?
What country hosted the second ever Winter Olympics?
Who was the third team the San Francisco 49ers played in the 2021 season?
What is the last Grand Slam that Roger Federer won?
What is the last Grand Slam that Maria Sharapova won?
What is the first major that Tiger Woods won?
What is the last major that Jack Nicklaus won?
What year was the first Super Bowl played?
When did the Yankees win their first World Series?
When did the NY Jets win their first Super Bowl?
When did the Miami Dolphins win their last Super Bowl?
Which soccer player has won the most Golden Balls in soccer?
Which soccer player has the record for most goals in the UEFA Champions League tournament?
Which player holds the record for most goals in Barcelona FC?
Which player holds the record for most goals in the Premier League?
Which player holds the record for most goals with the Argentinian national soccer team?
Who was the oldest NBA player to win an NBA Championship?
Which country won the most medals at the 2014 Olympics?
Which country won the most medals at the 2004 Olympics?
What MLB team has the most World Series Wins?
What NBA team has the most championships?
What baseball player has the most MVP awards?
What baseball player has the most Cy Young awards?
What baseball pitcher has the most strikeouts?
What baseball player has the most home runs?
Which golfer has won the most major championships?
Who scored the fastest goal in World Cup Soccer history?
Who is the oldest current NBA player?
Who is the oldest NHL player currently playing?
Which country had the most gold meals in the 2018 Winter Olympics?
Which hockey team has won the most Stanley Cups?
Which NBA Team has the most championships?
Who won the most gold medals in the Olympics for the United States?
Who was the oldest golfer to win the U.S. Open?
Who was the oldest tennis player to win the U.S. Open?
Who was the youngest tennis player to win the U.S. Open?
Which Major League Baseball player has had the most hits?
What country has won the most Olympic medals?
What golfer has the most wins on the PGA Tour?
Who has made the most home runs in the MLB?
Who has made the most touchdowns in the NFL?
Who is the youngest Olympic medalist?
Who is the oldest Olympic medalist?
Which MotoGP rider won the most MotoGP world championships?
Who is the oldest person ever to compete in the Olympics?
Which Asian country won the most Olympic gold medals?
Which NFL player has won the most Super Bowls?
Which NFL quarterback has passed the most yards in a single game?
Which NFL quarterback has passed the most yards in a season?
Which NFL player has passed the most yards in a Super Bowl game?
Which country has the most wins in men's World Cup history?
Which MLB team has the most World Series wins?
Did Team USA win the Ryder Cup?
Did Tom Brady pass for over 45 touchdowns in the 2020 NFL Season?
Did the Los Angeles Ram win Super Bowl LV?
Did Patrick Mahomes win MVP in the 2020 NFL season?
Did Aaron Donald win Defensive Player of the Year in 2020?
Did the Kansas City Chiefs win Super Bowl LIV?
Did the San Francisco 49ers win Super Bowl XLVII?
Did the Green Bay Packers win Super Bowl XLV?
Did the New England Patriots win Super Bowl XLII?
Did the NY Giants win Super Bowl XXXV?
Did Tom Brady get drafted by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers?
Has any Major League Baseball team ever won 130 games in a regular season?
Did Michael Phelps compete in the 2020 Olympics?
Did Josh Gordon play for the Cleveland Browns?
Was Trevor Lawrence a #1 pick in the NFL Draft?
Did Tom Brady retire from the NFL?
Did Aly Raisman compete in the 2020 Olympics?
Did Caeleb Dressel win 5 gold medals at the 2020 Olympics?
Did the Chicago Bulls win the 2020 NBA Finals?
Did Damian Lillard win the 2012-2013 NBA Rookie of the Year award?
Did Brett Favre play for the New York Jets in 2008?
Did Brazil win the 2021 Copa America?
Is Cristiano Ronaldo playing this year?
Did Baylor win the NCAA March Madness tournament this year?
Did Tiger Woods win the Masters in 2017?
Did Rafael Nadal win the 2021 French Open?
Did Sidney Crosby win the Hart Memorial Trophy in 2018?
Did Cristiano Ronaldo change teams this season?
Did the soccer national team of France win the Euro Cup this year?
Did Real Madrid win the league of Spain in soccer last season?
Did LeBron James win the MVP in 2017?
Did the Heat win the championship in 2012?
Did Derek Jeter play for the Mets?
Did Davil Well pitch a perfect game?
Did the United States get the most medals in the Tokyo 2020 Olympics?
Did LeBron James bring the Los Angeles Lakers a championship?
Has Kawhi Leonard brought the Los Angeles Clippers a championship?
Did Rajon Rondo get Traded back to the Los Angeles Lakers for the 2021-2022 season?
Is Shaquille O'Neal taller than LeBron James?
Did Lewis Hamilton win the first podium in the 2019 Formula 1 Australian Grand Prix?
Did 1984 come out before 1984?
Did Fifty Shades of Grey sell more than 50 million copies worldwide?
Is Harry Potter younger than Hermione?
Was Lord of the Rings divided into more than 3 books?
Which book is longer, The Lord of the Rings or Atlas Shrugged?
What did John Steinbeck write first, The Grapes of Wrath or The Pearl?
Was Jane Austen older than Emily Bronte?
Which series has more books, The Hunger Games or Twilight?
Which book has sold more copies, To Kill a Mockingbird or The Great Gatsby?
Who was older, Shakespeare or Chaucer?
Which book was published first, 1984 or Brave New World?
Who has written more books between J.R.R. Tolkien and Stephen King?
Which series has more books, Ranger's Apprentice or Pendragon: Journal of an Adventure through Time and Space?
Did Harry Potter come out before 2000?
Is JK Rowling older than Margaret Atwood?
Is Stephen King older than J.K. Rowling?
Is Stephen King older than R. L. Stine?
Which series came out first, Harry Potter or Lord of the Rings?
What series has more books, Harry Potter or Game of Thrones?
Which series is geared more towards kids, Captain Underpants or Lord of the Rings?
Which series has more books, Lord of the Rings or Game of Thrones?
Which series has shorter books, Captain Underpants or The Magic School Bus?
Which series has more books, Game of Thrones or Lord of the Rings?
Did Native Son come out before 1960?
Which book has more pages, Helter Skelter or In Cold Blood?
Was Helter Skelter released before In Cold Blood?
Did the Harry Potter series come out before the Hunger Games series?
Which has more books, The Hunger Games series, or Twilight?
Is J.K. Rowling older than Susanne Collins?
Did the Hunger Games come out before 2000?
Which series has more prequel books, Harry Potter or The Maze Runner?
Is Stephen King older than James Patterson?
Which book sold more copies, The Lord of the Rings or Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone?
Did the novel Lord of the Flies come out after 1950?
Which series has more books, Harry Potter or Nancy Drew?
Which series has more books, Harry Potter or Goosebumps?
Did Stormbreaker come out before 1953?
Did The Great Gatsby come out after 1993?
Is Stephenie Meyer older than J.K Rowling?
Which book came out first, Wuthering Heights or Pride and Prejudice?
Which book is older, Phantom of the Opera or Frankenstein?
Was Lewis Carroll born before Charles Dickens?
Was The Wonderful Wizard of Oz published after 1905?
How many Horcruxes did Voldemort intentionally create in Harry Potter series?
How many novels by Jane Austen were published posthumously?
How many books are there in the Game of Thrones series?
How many dragons did Daenerys Targaryen have?
How many books make up The Lord of the Rings (by J.R.R. Tolkien)?
How many of Cormac McCarthy's books won a Pulitzer Prize?
How many Weasley children are there?
How many books are in the Book of the New Sun series (by Gene Wolfe)?
How many Dune novels did Frank Herbert write?
How many books are there in the Truly Devious series?
How many books are there in the The Hunger Games series?
How many books are in The Lord of the Rings series?
How many books are in the Hobbit series?
How many books are there in the Choose Your Own Adventure series?
How many books are in The Hunger Games series?
How many books are in the A Series of Unfortunate Events series?
How many of Ernest Hemingway's books won a Pulitzer Prize?
How many books are in the Twilight series?
How many times did Ernest Hemingway win the Nobel Prize for Literature?
How many of Stephen King's books have been made into movies?
How many hobbits set off to destroy the One Ring?
How many books are in the Lord of the Rings?
How many sons does Dalinar Kholin have?
How many of Ursulla K. Le Guin's books have won a Neubla Award?
How many direwolves are given to the Stark children in the first Games of Thrones book?
How many brothers does Cersei have in the Game of Thrones series?
How many swords does Ned Stark own in the Game of Thrones series?
How many of main characters are in the Harry Potter series books?
How many Hogwarts Houses are there in Harry Potter?
How many factions are in Divergent?
How many books are in the main Divergent series?
How many Percy Jackson novels are there in the main series?
How many members are in the Cullen family?
How many books are in the Fifty Shades series?
How many competitors were in the Triwizard Tournament of 1994?
How many books are in the "World of The Queen's Thief Collection"?
How many named characters die in "To Kill A Mocking Bird"?
How many bird books were published by Neltje Blanchan in the 1900s?
Which Harry Potter books were not published before the year 2000?
Which of the Old Kingdom books was not published after the year 2000?
What Pulitzer Prize winning novel by John Kennedy Toole has not been made into a movie?
What famous series of books by J.K. Rowling was not allowed into many public schools because of "Satanic" allegations?
What famous Stephen King novel was made into a TV miniseries in 1994 but not a movie?
Which Harry Potter book have not been turned into a movie yet?
Which of the Lord of the Rings series was not made into a movie in 2002?
Which Chronicles of Narnia does not contain mention of Peter Pevensie?
Which of the Witcher Books are not considered part of the main saga?
Which of the Dresden Files books were not published before 2010?
Which Lord of the Rings trilogy books is Bilbo Baggins not in?
Which Lord of the Rings trilogy books does not have Gandalf the White?
What Song of Ice and Fire books is Eddard Stark not in?
What Harry Potter books have not been made into a movie yet?
Which fiction series by CS Lewis does not contain more than three books?
What is the earliest John Grisham novel that was not adapted to movie?
What was the first book JK Rowling wrote that was not part of her Harry Potter series?
What was EL James's first book that was not self published?
Which J.R.R. Tolkien book was not made into a movie?
Which book in The Kingkiller Chronicles has not been released yet?
Which Gentleman Bastard books have not been released yet?
Which book from the Outlander series has not been released yet?
Which Harry Potter book was not turned into a single-part movie?
Which Ernest Hemingway book was not released while he was still alive before 1951?
What was the only Dick King-Smith publication that did not have just a single part?
Which Goosebumps book was released in 1992, but not before October?
Which The Lord of the Rings book was not published in 1954?
Which book in the Divergent series does not have more than 500 pages?
What Harry Potter books does Sirius Black not appear in?
What Harry Potter books does Bellatrix Lestrange not appear in?
What Hunger Games books does Finnick Odair not appear in?
What landmark 1967 novel by Colombian author Gabriel García Márquez has yet to be made into a movie?
What 1985 epic novel by American author Cormac McCarthy has not been made into a movie as of 2021?
What 2011 fantasy novel by Erin Morgenstern has not been made into a feature length movie?
What post-apocalyptic dark fantasy novel written by American author Stephen King and first published in 1978 was never made into a full length movie?
Which of the Stark children did not go with their father to King's Landing?
Who didn't help Ned Stark overthrow in the Lannisters but instead betrayed him?
How many Fifty Shades of Grey books were not turned into movies?
Which Night's Watch character in the prologue of A Game of Thrones doesn't make a return in later books after he deserts?
Which book is first in the Hobbit series was released in 1937?
Which book in the Witcher series was released in 1997?
Which book in the Witcher series was released in 1999?
Which book in the Twilight series was released in 2005?
Which book in the Twilight series was released in 2006?
Which book in the Twilight series was released in 2020?
Which creatures were created by J.R.R. Tolkien and are depicted as the main characters in the Lord of the Rings book series?
Which religious book is considered the best-selling book of all time?
Which author is considered the highest paid of all time with a net worth over $1 billion?
Which book in the Wheel of Time series was released in 1991?
Which book in The Kingkiller Chronicle was released in 2011?
Which book in the Song of Ice and Fire series was released in 2000?
Which book in the Harry Potter series introduces the character Luna Lovegood?
Which book in the Harry Potter series was released in 2003?
Which novel by Alice Walker was originally published in 1982?
Which novel by Stephen King was originally published as a 420-page book?
Which book was written by Jack London, was first published in 1903, and has a central character named Buck?
Which book in the Lord of the Rings series was published in 1954?
Which book in the Lord of the Rings series was published in 1955?
Which book in the Ranger's Apprentice series was published in 2004?
Which book in the Ranger's Apprentice series was published in 2009?
Which book in the Brotherband Chronicles series was published in 2019?
Which book in The Hunger Games series was released in 2009?
Which character in Harry Potter was has six brothers and red hair?
Which book in The Chronicles of Narnia series was released in 1950?
Which Agatha Christie novel was published in 1930 and is a part of the Miss Marple series?
Which J.K. Rowling book was published in 2013 and under the pseudonym Robert Galbraith?
In the Harry Potter series, which of the Weasley brothers founded the Weasleys' Wizard Wheezes and is the older Weasley twin?
Which Mark Twain short story was written in 1898 and published posthumously in 1912?
Which book introduced a small hobbit and was loosely based on the Bible?
Who was the author behind the books that Disney bought and turned into movies?
Who is the main character of The Hobbit who went on a journey and also found a small gold ring?
Which book features a young wizard who goes to school and has to fight an evil person named Voldemort?
Which book features a kid's song and dozens of small insects who march?
Which Harry Potter book featured a giant ogre attacking the school?
Which character was a trainer and trained Katniss Everdeen in The Hunger Games?
Who was the character that Katniss Everdeen had to fight against to survive in The Hunger Games, but also ended up falling in love with?
Which main character in Twilight was not a vampire or werewolf?
Which Stephen King book was released as a movie in 2017?
Which George R. R. Martin book was released in 1996?
In the Game of Thrones Book series, what is the name of the youngest Stark daughter?
Which book of the Hobbit series is the longest?
Which Jules Verne book was about an explorer who went to the center of the earth?
Which Mark Twain book about Tom Sawyer also had Injun Joe in it?
Which Michael Crichton dinosaur book was the first one?
Where was the author of The Illiad and The Odyssey born?
Who co-collaborated on the script for The Godfather?
Who wrote the book for Stanly Kubrick's famous sci-fi movie?
Who wrote the book for David Lynch's failed science fiction movie?
Which book by a beloved American author and satirist has often been banned in United States schools because the "N" word appears 10 times?
When was the author who wrote Carrie born?
What year did the author who wrote the Lord of the Rings series die?
What year was the author who wrote the Lord of the Rings series born?
What year was the author who wrote 1984 born?
Where was the author of a Tale of Two Cities born?
Who directed the second Lord of the Rings book?
Where was the director of the adaptation of Schindler's List born?
Where did the author of Trainspotting go to college?
When was the author of Harry Potter born?
What college did the author of Harry Potter attend?
When did the author of the Lord of the Rings trilogy die?
When was the author of the Lord of the Rings trilogy born?
What is the profession of the sidekick in the Sherlock Holmes books?
Who was the mentor of the author of the Red Mars trilogy?
On what channel was the TV show based on J.R.R. Martin's popular fantasy series broadcast?
From what city was the author of the Divine Comedy?
When did the author who wrote The Martian Chronicles die?
When did the author who wrote Cosmos die?
Who directed the movie that's based on the second book of The Lord of the Rings trilogy?
When was the author who wrote the Ranger's Apprentice series of books born?
Where was the author of The Wonderful Wizard of Oz born?
Who directed the movie that's based on the first book in the Twilight series?
When was the author who wrote Harry Potter born?
Who directed the first movie that is based on The Hunger Games book series?
When did the second part of the third book of The Hunger Games come out?
Who starred as the main character of The Hunger Games in the movie adaptations of the books?
Who directed the movie that's based on the first Twilight book?
When did the author who wrote To Kill a Mockingbird die?
When did the author who wrote Don Quixote die?
Who directed the movie that's based on the first Hunger Games book?
In which town was the person who wrote the Pelican Brief born?
Which degree did the person who wrote Pelican Brief earn from Mississippi State University?
When writing Calico Joe, what sport did its author recall playing when younger?
When was the book Pride and Prejudice written that was later turned into a movie?
What was the name of the author who wrote New Jedi Order: Vector Prime?
Was the last Harry Potter book written before the first movie was made?
How many books did the author of 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea write?
Where was the movie which was based on the Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe filmed?
How many books did the author of the book about the Hobbit write?
What is the name of the first Harry Potter movie?
What is the tenth book in the Nancy Drew series?
What is the twentieth book in the Nancy Drew series?
What is the second book of the Harry Potter series?
What is the first book of the Harry Potter series?
What's the first book of the Twilight series?
What is the first book of The Mortal Instruments series?
What is the second book in the Games of Thrones series titled?
When was the first book in the Twilight series released?
What is the third book in the Left Behind series titled?
What is the 3rd book of the Dune series?
What was the first published novel of John Steinbeck?
When did the second book, The Sea of Monsters, from the Percy Jackson series come out?
What was F. Scott Fitzgerald's last book?
What is the second book in the Lord of the Rings series?
When did the first book in the series by Stephenie Meyer come out?
What was Stephen King's first published novel?
When did the first Jurassic Park book come out?
What is the first book in the Percy Jackson & the Olympians series?
What is the first book in the Harry Potter series?
What was J.K. Rowling's first book?
What was the first Goosebumps book?
What is the second Lord of the Rings book?
What was the last Wheel of Time book written?
In A Song of Ice and Fire, what was the first book Arya Stark appeared in titled?
What is the title of the last book of the Twilight saga?
When did the first Harry Potter book come out?
When was Neil Gaiman's first novel, Good Omens, published?
What is Stephen King's fifth published book?
When did the first Alex Rider book come out?
What was the last book Dr. Seuss published?
What was the first book Dr. Seuss wrote?
What year was John Grisham's first book published?
When did Mary Shelley's first book come out?
What is the first book in the Twilight series?
What is the third book in the Twilight series?
What was the second Hunger Games book called?
When did the first Chronicles of Narnia book came out?
What was the name of the fifth series in Harry Potter called?
What is the second book in the Harry Potter series?
What is the third book in the Harry Potter series?
What is the fourth book in the Harry Potter series?
What is the last book in the Harry Potter series?
Which author has won the most The Newbery Honors?
What's the longest book by J.R.R. Tolkien by pages?
What's the oldest book published by Mark Twain?
What's the shortest Harry Potter book by word count?
Which book in the series is Harry Potter the youngest?
What is Ben Greenfield's longest book that he wrote that was published?
What is the last book in the Lord of the Rings series? 4?
Out of Harry, Ron, and Hermione, who is the oldest at the end of the Harry Potter series?
Which Dr. Suess book is the longest?
Which author won the most amount of prizes?
What is the shortest novel ever written?
What is the shortest Percy Jackson book?
Which Harry Potter book sold the best?
What was the longest Lord of the Rings book?
What is the longest Stephen King book?
What is the longest George RR Martin book?
What do you think is the longest chapter of a Lord of the Rings book?
What is the longest Twilight book?
Which Stephen King book is the longest?
Which Stephen King book is the shortest?
Which country has won the most Nobel Prize for Literature awards?
What is the longest book ever written?
What is the longest book written by J.R.R. Tolkien?
Which book is the shortest in the Game of Thrones series?
Who is the most prolific author of all time?
Who is the oldest debut novelist?
Who wrote the longest novel in the world by character count, according to Guinness World Records?
What is the most expensive book ever sold?
Which author has sold the most books?
Who wrote the longest running series for books?
Which Lord of the Rings book is the longest in terms of pages?
Which author has won the most National Book Award for Fiction?
What is the shortest A Song of Ice and Fire book in pages?
Who is the oldest Game of Thrones character?
Which Game of Thrones book took the longest to write in years?
What is Stephen King's shortest book?
What is the oldest book in the Goosebumps series by author R.L. Stine?
What is the most recent book in the original Goosebumps series by author R.L. Stine?
Which Cullen family member has the oldest perpetual age in Twilight?
Who is the youngest commercially published author?
Which Game of Thrones book took the longest for George R.R. Martin to write?
Who was the youngest hobbit who set out from the Shire in Lord of the Rings?
Who was the oldest wizard in Harry Potter?
Who was the oldest tribute in Hunger Games?
Has the book The Giver won any awards?
Has Chicken Soup for the Soul sold over a million copies worldwide?
Did Jay Gatsby die at the end of The Great Gatsby?
Did Allie remember Noah before she died in The Notebook?
Did Stephen King ever write a romance novel?
Has Stephen King won a Pulitzer Prize?
Has Stephen King written less than 30 books?
Is Stephen King still writing?
Was Ray Bradbury the author of The Martian Chronicles?
Does Ron Weasley have a brother named Fred?
Is Hermione Granger Harry Potter's sister?
Is Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire the first book in the series?
Is Stephen King's latest book titled "Billy Summers"?
Did Edith Wharton win a Pulitzer Prize for "The Age of Innocence"?
Was the "The Great Gatsby" book made into a movie?
Was the book "Pride and Prejudice" by Jane Austen a crime novel?
Is J.R.R. Tolkien British?
Did George Orwell write Animal Farm during World War 2?
Is New Moon the second book in the Twilight series?
Did Henry Miller win a Pulitzer Prize?
Did Charles Bukowski win a Pulitzer Prize?
Did John Fante win a Pulitzer Prize?
Were any of Franz Kafka's books published posthumously?
Did "The Handmaid's Tale" win a Commonwealth Writers' Prize?
Did "The Beak of the Finch" win a Pulitzer Prize?
Is Humbert Dolores' biological father in "Lolita"?
Did "The Hunter" - by Donald E. Westlake - receive later media adaptations?
Does Catherine die in Wuthering Heights?
Did Judy Blume write children's books?
Did Stephen King ever win a Pulitzer Prize for Literature?
Did Lilith wake up on an alien vessel with no memory of how she'd gotten there?
Did Trelane merge three separate timelines into one?
Was Artemesia Gentilleschi tortured during Agostino Tassi's rape trial?
Did Robert Langdon appear in three different Dan Brown books?
Is Winnie the Pooh a lion?
Is Jay Gatsby in love with Daisy Buchanan?
Is Jon Snow from Winterfell?
Is Tyrion Lannister from Winterfell?
Is Eddard Stark from Winterfell?
Is Bran Stark from Winterfell?
Did J.K Rowling write the Harry Potter book series?
Did J.K Rowling release the first Harry Potter book in June 26,1996?
Has the book Lords of the Rings sold up to 500 million copies?
Was The Da Vinci Code book written by Dan Brown?
Which city is bigger by population, Los Angeles or San Diego?
Is North Dakota larger by area than South Dakota?
Is the Rhine longer than the Seine?
Which country has a larger population, America or China?
Which country has a larger population, America or UK?
Is Mount Everest taller than Mount K2?
Which country has a larger population, Mongolia or China?
Which city is bigger, NYC or LA?
Which state is more populated, PA or GA?
Which country has a higher population, Mexico or USA?
Is Dallas or Houston the biggest city in Texas?
Which state came first in the Union, Pennsylvania or Delaware?
Which country has a more dense population, Canada or the United States?
Which country has more land, Canada or the United States?
Which country has more area, Canada or the United States?
Which country is located more north, Canada or the United States?
Which has a bigger land mass, the country of South Africa or Nigeria?
Which state has less land size, Utah or Oregon?
Which country has a larger land mass, Brazil or Australia?
Which U.S. state has a longer coastline, Oregon or Washington?
Which country contains a taller mountain, Germany or Spain?
Which Canadian territory is bigger, British Colombia or Ontario?
Which American city was founded first, Jamestown or St. Augustine?
Is Lake Tanganyika deeper than Lake Nyasa?
Which African country is smaller in size, Gambia or Rwanda?
Which river is longer, the Mississippi River or the Colorado River?
Which Hawaiian Island is larger in size, Maui or Kauai?
Is the Rhine River longer than the Danube River?
Which country has more population Brazil or Mexico?
Which country has more land, Brazil or Mexico?
Which country is bigger in size, USA or China?
Which country has average rainfall in depth, USA or Russia?
Is the Missouri River longer than the Mississippi River?
Is the Elbe River longer than the Donau River?
Is the Atlantic Ocean bigger than the Pacific Ocean?
Which country has a larger population, Pakistan or Brazil?
Which country has a larger population, Japan or South Korea?
Which country has a larger population, Germany or France?
How many U.S. states start with "A"?
How many continents in the world?
How many colors are on the China flag?
How many official languages are there in the Philippines?
How many islands make up Hawaii?
How many main rivers are in Australia?
How many Island countries are in Europe?
How many countries are in South Asia?
How many states are in Mexico?
How many active volcanoes are in Washington state?
How many countries border the Caspian Sea?
How many countries are in the Arctic Circle?
How many active volcanoes are there in Washington state?
How many regions are there in Canada?
How many mountain ranges are there in Washington state?
How many regions are there in the United States?
How many states do not share any borders with any other U.S. state?
How many oceans are there in the world?
How many provinces does Canada have?
How many mountain ranges are there in Mexico?
How many great lakes form the Great Lakes Basin?
How many nations comprise Great Britain?
How many U.S. states are considered part of the New England region?
Through how many states does the Mississippi River flow?
How many continents are there in the world?
How many major oceans are there in the world?
How many main islands does Hawaii have?
How many main mountain ranges does the United States have?
How many main islands does Japan have?
How many great lakes are in Tennessee?
How many active volcanoes are there in the U.S.?
How many counties are in Africa?
How many countries are in Asia?
How many major volcanoes are there in Hawaii?
How many countries are in Australia?
How many fissure vent volcanoes are there in Pakistan?
How many major rivers are there in Africa?
How many rivers are there in Egypt?
How many named oceans are there in the world?
How many countries have over 1 billion citizens?
How many active volcanoes are there in California?
How many islands in Australia have a land area above 4,000 square kilometers?
How many islands in the Caribbean are over 29,000 square miles?
Which mountain in the USA does not have an elevation below 20,000 feet?
Which capital cities of a country are not above sea level?
Which island is not smaller than New Guinea (by area)?
Which rivers are not shorter than the Yangtze River?
Which of the North American Great Lakes is not smaller (by volume) than Lake Ontario?
How many countries are in Europe but are not part of the EU?
How many countries are in Southeastern Asia but not part of the Asian Tigers?
How many countries in West Africa was not colonized by the British?
Which countries in Western Europe do not belong to the European Union?
Which countries in the United Kingdom do not have a population that is over 70% Christian?
Which countries in Scandinavia do not have blue in their official flag?
Which countries with territory in the Iberian peninsula do not have the majority of their landmass on the peninsula?
Which mountain range that stretches through 13 states is not located on the West Coast?
What 400 mile long mountain range is not located on the East Coast?
What 1,885 mile long river is not located in the northern portion of the U.S.?
What is the tallest mountain not in the United States?
Which mountain range can be found in Eastern Europe but not Western Europe?
Which volcanoes are not found outside France?
Which U.S. state does not share a border with more than one other state?
Which country does not have more than 1,000 citizens?
What is the name of the desert valley in Eastern California, in the northern Mojave Desert that does not border Colorado?
What is the name of a system of mountains in eastern to northeastern North America that does not run through Florida?
What is the most active of the five volcanoes on Hawaii that has not erupted in 2021?
What is the chief river of the second-largest drainage system on the North American continent that does not border Pennsylvania?
Which countries do not use the metric system?
Which countries do not participate in the Olympics?
From which U.S. state can you not drive to another adjacent state or country in a car?
Which fruit/vegetable is very popular in Italy, and is associated closely with its cooking but is not native to it?
What is the longest river in the United States that is not named after the state where it begins?
Which continent does not have a large number of people living on it?
Which lake in the Great Lakes is not named after something other than a U.S. state?
Which African country is not connected to the main African continent?
Which continent does not have its own unique name, that is to say that no country shares its name, as well?
Which state in the United States is not connected to the main continent of North America?
What U.S. territories are not considered states?
What is America's largest volcano that is not in Hawaii?
What is the small country inside of Italy that is not a part of Italy?
What continent on Earth do people not live on normally?
Which country is one of the oldest countries in the world and is also bordered by Italy?
Which sea surrounds Greece and also borders Turkey?
What city was founded in 1147 and contains St. Basil's Cathedral?
What river flows through Zambia and is the largest flowing into the Indian Ocean from Africa?
What mountain is the highest point in elevation in the U.S. state of Ohio and is located in the city of Bellefontaine?
Which lake is the largest in the U.S. and largest northernmost of the Great Lakes of North America?
Which rainforest is the largest rainforest in North America and covers some 16.9 million acres?
Which desert is the largest in Asia and the 5th largest desert in the world?
What state is both the westernmost and easternmost state and also has the longest coast line in the U.S.?
Which U.S. state has more residents than all of Canada and is also home to a famous golden bridge?
What is the longest mountain range in the U.S. that also spans through two countries?
What river only flows about 200 feet and is the shortest river in the United States?
What river flows through Ecuador and is the largest river in South America?
What mountain is in the Andes and was first climbed by a 1880 English expedition?
What river flows through Egypt and is the largest river of Africa?
What river flows through the U.S. and is the largest river of North America?
What is the river that flows through Montana and eventually connects to the Mississippi River in St. Louis?
What mountain is the tallest in the United States and is in Alaska?
Which states border Georgia and Tennessee?
Which country is located in Southeast Asia and home to the Petronas Towers?
Which waterfall is located in South America and is the tallest natural waterfall in the world?
What is the world famous canyon that is home to Arizona and also serves as a national park?
What is the tallest mountain in Japan that is also known as an active volcano?
What river flows through Sudan and Egypt and empties into the Mediterranean sea?
What is the third longest river in the world and flows entirely in one country?
What mountain is located in Asia and is also known as the "Savage Mountain"?
What state was admitted as the 31st state of the Union in 1850 and home to Yosemite National Park?
What state was granted statehood in 1889 and is home to Mount Rushmore?
What state is home to Yosemite National Park and is the 31st state?
What state's flower is the sego lily and is home to Zion National Park?
Which mountain is in the Cascades and is the tallest in Washington state?
Which mountain is in the White Mountains and is the tallest in New Hampshire?
Which mountain is in the Wetterstein Mountains and is the tallest in Germany?
Which river starts in Minnesota and is the second longest in North America?
Which mountain is part of the Alps and is the tallest in Austria?
What river is the 2nd longest river in the U.S. and flows to the Gulf of Mexico?
What volcano is in Hawaii and sits at the highest point in Hawaii?
What river is the longest in the world and flows into the Mediterranean Sea?
What mountain is in the Karakoram range and is the second tallest in the world?
What mountain is in Taplejung District, Nepal and is the third tallest in the world?
What mountain in the Himalayas is the fifth tallest in the world?
What mountain, first climbed by Hermann Buhl, is the ninth tallest in the world?
What is the population of the country where Mount Vesuvius is located?
What is the capital of the country that has the most tornadoes in the world?
What is the tallest building in the capital city of Japan?
What is the capital of the state where the tallest mountain in the Pacific Northwest of the United States is located?
Which U.S. state has the most shoreline with the deepest lake of the five Great Lakes in North America?
What is the tallest building in the biggest city of Washington state?
What is the tallest building in the capital of Pennsylvania?
What is the 2019 population of the U.S. state whose capital is Helena?
What is the tallest mountain in the U.S. state whose capital is Helena?
What is the tallest building in the capital of Florida?
What the capital city of the state that has America's biggest island volcano?
What is the biggest city in one of America's first established states?
What is America's biggest state that always remains cold?
What is the land mass area of the America's largest state?
What is the population of America's smallest state?
What is the population of the city where the Liberty Bell is located?
What is the tallest building in the capital of Tennessee?
What is the tallest building in the capital of Oregon?
What is the name of the mountain range that borders both Russia and the country whose capital is Ulaanbaatar?
What is the population of the country that is bordered by the Baltic Sea and has Stockholm as its capital city?
Which South American country that is the closest to Antarctica is also the longest country in the continent?
What is the capital of the only state whose flag doesn't have 4 edges?
What is the name of the arena located in the city that is also home to the Pirates baseball team?
What is the capital city of the country with the second-longest river in Asia?
What is the population of the city where the Namsan Tower is located?
What is the total area of the country in which the world's deepest lake is located?
What is the tallest building in the biggest city of China?
What is the population of the state where Mount Rushmore is?
What is the name of the country in which Mount Vesuvius is?
What is the population of the city where the Statue of Liberty is?
What is the capital city of the country that Mount Everest is in?
What’s the biggest continent with the highest population?
What is the capital city in the most populated state in America?
What street is Dubai's tallest building on?
What is the population of the state where Sierra Nevada is located?
What is the population of the state where the Trinity River is located?
What is the capital of the state where the Grand Canyon is located?
What is the capital of the state where Yosemite National Park is located?
What is the tallest building in the capital city of Spain?
What is the tallest building in the capital city of Italy?
What is the tallest building in the capital city of Canada?
What is the tallest building in the capital city of France?
What river is the second longest in the United States?
What is the fourth longest river in the U.S.?
What is the sixth longest river in the U.S.?
When was the last eruption of Mount Hood?
What is the second longest river in the USA?
What is the third longest river in the USA?
In terms of height, what is the third biggest mountain in the world?
What is the second largest continent by area?
What is the fifth largest state in the USA by area?
What is the second largest country in the world by population size?
What is the third largest lake in the world?
What is the third longest river in Africa?
What is the fourth longest river in Europe?
What is the second largest sea?
What is the third largest sea?
What is the second largest mountain in the world?
What is the third biggest island in Hawaii?
What is the first longest river in the United States?
What is the third biggest lake in the world?
What is the second largest country in the world ranked by area?
When was the last time the Kilauea Volcano erupted?
What is the first longest river in Asia?
What is the name of the second largest volcano in the world?
What was the second largest earthquake ever recorded?
What was the first largest earthquake ever recorded?
What is the second largest country by area?
What is the second tallest mountain in the world?
When did Mount Fuji first erupt?
What is the second deepest lake in the world?
What is the third largest continent in the world?
What is the second tallest mountain in South America?
What is the second tallest mountain in Africa?
What is the tenth tallest mountain in Europe?
What is the second longest river in Asia?
What is the 2nd largest desert in the world?
What is the eighth highest mountain in the world?
When was the last eruption of Taal?
What is the tallest mountain in India?
What is the most populated city in Nigeria?
What is the largest lake in miles squared in the United Kingdom?
What is the tallest mountain in feet in the United States?
What is the tallest building in Pittsburgh, PA?
What is the largest populated city in Tennessee?
What is the longest river in Africa?
What is the deepest lake in Maine?
What is the deepest lake in the world?
What is the deepest lake in Montana?
What is the largest city in South Korea by population?
What is the tallest mountain in Europe?
What is the shortest river in the United States?
What is the longest desert in Africa?
What is the largest city in Asia by population?
What is the largest river in Australia?
What is the highest mountain in South America?
What is the most populous city in the United States?
What is the world's tallest active volcano?
What is the tallest bridge in Tennessee?
Which country has the most fresh water in the world?
Which country has the longest coastline in the world?
What is the highest underwater waterfall in the world?
What is highest waterfall on Earth above sea level?
What is the tallest mountain in England?
What is the largest city in the state of North Dakota?
What is the longest river in China?
What is the largest city in South America?
What is the highest mountain in Texas?
Which river has the most water by volume?
What is the tallest volcano in Hawaii?
What is the smallest volcano in Hawaii?
How tall is the most active volcano in the world?
What is the tallest mountain in North America?
What is the tallest mountain in Asia?
What is the smallest country in North America by population?
What is the smallest country in Europe by size?
Is Barcelona the capital of Spain?
Is Canberra the capital city of Australia?
Is Ireland the only country that borders United Kingdom?
Is Madrid the capital of Spain?
Is Mount Everest the tallest mountain in the world?
Is Mount Rushmore located in the state of South Dakota?
Is the Amazon River the longest river in the world?
Is Death Valley located in the state of Washington?
Is Oahu the largest island of the Hawaiian Islands?
Is there an active volcano in Germany?
Is Lake Baikal the deepest lake in the world?
Is Bonn the capital of Germany?
Is Mogadishu the capital of Somalia?
Is Scotland the smallest country in the United Kingdom?
Is Alaska the only non-contiguous state in the United States of America?
Is Wyoming the least densely populated state in the United States of America?
Are the Rocky Mountains located in Europe?
Are there jungles in Antarctica?
Is Australia in the Southern Hemisphere?
Is Italy shaped like a boot?
Does the state of Minnesota in the United States have more than 10,000 lakes?
Are there at least 5 volcanos in Hawaii?
Is the Mississippi River the longest river in the world?
Is Cuba the largest island in the Caribbean?
Is there an active volcano in Washington state?
Does Washington state have more than one active volcano?
Is the biggest lake in Maine called Moosehead Lake?
Is the longest river in Maine the Saco?
Is Seattle the capital of Washington?
Is Paris the capital of France?
Is Mexico part of South America?
Is Oslo the capital of Norway?
Is Ottawa the capital of Canada?
Is Paris the capital of Fuji?
Is New Delhi the capital of India?
Is Rome the capital of China?
Is the Nile River the longest river in Africa?
Is the Volga River the longest river in Europe?
Is the Amazon River the longest river in South America?
Is the Murray-Darling River the longest river in Australia?
Did Barrack Obama become president before 2004?
Is Joe Biden older than Donald Trump?
Is Barrack Obama older than Bill Clinton?
Which state has the highest number of Congressional representatives, Kentucky or Kansas?
Who served more time as the British prime minister, Tony Blair or Margaret Thatcher?
Who was older when he became the president of the United States of America, Bill Clinton or Barack Obama?
Which state has the most electoral votes, Alaska or Hawaii?
Which country's president has a longer term, United States or France?
Who assumed political office earlier, Nancy Pelosi or Mitch McConnell?
Who had more electoral college votes when they won the presidency, George H. W. Bush or Jimmy Carter?
Which state has a higher population per senator, Iowa or Florida?
Which president spent more days in office, Richard Nixon or Abraham Lincoln?
Did Bill Clinton become president before 1990?
Does California have more members of Congress than Montana?
Is Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez younger than Elizabeth Warren?
Was Barack Obama president before George W. Bush?
Who had more popular votes in the 2016 Presidential Election, Donald Trump or Hilary Clinton?
Does the inauguration occur before a president is placed in office?
Who became president after Bill Clinton?
Is Donald Trump older than Barack Obama?
Is Al Gore younger than Donald Trump?
Is Bernie Sanders older than Joe Biden?
Did Stephen Harper become the prime minister of Canada before Paul Martin?
Is Barack Obama taller than Joe Biden?
Who is younger, Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump?
Did Winston Churchill serve as UK prime minister before World War 1?
Is Joe Biden older than Barack Obama?
Is Hilary Clinton older than Bill Clinton?
Is Donald Trump older than Jimmy Carter?
Is Donald Trump younger than Hilary Clinton?
Is Kamala Harris older than Elizabeth Warren?
Is Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez younger than Kamala Harris?
Is Pete Buttigieg older than Mike Pence?
Was Barack Obama elected president after George W. Bush?
Was George H.W. Bush elected president before Ronald Reagan?
Does Idaho have more electoral votes than Utah?
Do members of the House serve longer terms than senators?
Is Joe Biden or Donald Trump older?
Is Kevin McCarthy or Nancy Pelosi Speaker of the House?
How many presidents have not had pets?
How many presidents have died in office?
How many presidents have been impeached?
How many presidents have been black?
How many presidents have never been affiliated with any political party?
How many Republican governors has Virginia had since 1990?
How many senators became president?
How many Republican candidates were there in the 2016 primaries?
How many Democratic candidates were there during the 2020 primaries?
How many Republican governors has California had since 1950?
How many U.S. states did Pete Buttigieg win in the 2020 Democratic Party Primaries?
How many U.S. states did Marco Rubio win in the 2016 Republican Party Primaries?
How many U.S. states did Ron Paul win in the 2012 Republican Party Primaries?
How many judges sit on the U.S. Supreme Court?
How many senators are there in Texas?
How many U.S. presidents died while in office?
How many us senators does Utah have?
How many U.S. presidents were born in Virginia?
How many U.S. presidents were not married?
How many U.S. presidents won a Pulitzer Prize?
How many non-contiguous states did Joe Biden win in the 2020 Presidential Election?
How many states did Ronald Reagan lose in his re-election bid?
How many states did Jimmy Carter win in his re-election campaign?
How many times did Joe Biden run unsuccessful presidential campaigns?
How many presidents in a wheelchair has the United States had?
How many presidents of the United States were actors before they were in office?
How many presidents of the United States have been assassinated?
How many first ladies have died in the White House?
How many Republican governors has Michigan had since 2000?
How many Supreme Court Justices are liberal?
How many terms did FDR serve?
How many U.S. How many presidents have been Republican since 1993?
How many U.S. states did Donald Trump win in the 2016 election?
For how many years was Newt Gingrich Speaker of the House?
How many times has Nancy Pelosi been House Minority Leader?
How many times has Michigan had a female governor?
How many presidential terms did Jimmy Carter serve?
How many states have never had a female governor?
How many athletes who have competed in the Olympics have held political office?
How many black women have been elected to senate?
How many California governors were of Hispanic origin?
How many states have legalized recreational marijuana?
How many times has Donald Trump ran for president?
How many African American senators has Georgia had?
How many presidents served in the navy?
How many presidents served in the Union Army?
What governors of Texas have not been Republican?
How percentage of votes did Bill Clinton not receive in the 1992 election?
What percentage of governors of New York have not been Democrat?
Which state was it that Donald Trump did not win with a big margin in 2016?
Which Mid-Atlantic state was it that Hillary Clinton did not win with a big margin in 2016?
Which governors of Michigan since 2000 have not been Republican?
Which governors of Florida since 1990 have not been Republican?
Which governors of California since 2000 have not been Democrats?
Which politician was elected as vice president after 2008 but isn't a male?
Which midwest states did Trump win in 2016 but lost in 2020?
Which POTUS was elected after 2008 but failed to have a second term?
Which primaries did Elizabeth Warren run in but not win?
What are the U.S. presidential candidates since 2000 who won the presidency but did not win the popular vote?
Which incumbent U.S. presidents since 1950 ran for a second term but did not win?
Who are the U.S. presidents that were not ever married?
Who is the most recent governor of Pennsylvania who is not a Republican?
Who is the most recent governor of Ohio who is not a Democrat?
Who is the most recent governor of Pennsylvania who is not a Democrat?
Who is the most recent governor of Ohio who is not a Republican?
Who is the most recent governor of New York who is not a Republican?
What was the last year the United States didn't alternate between parties for the presidential election?
Which candidate did not win against Barack Obama in 2008?
Who was the most recent president to not own any pets in office?
Who was the only president in U.S. history to not get married?
Which southern states did Trump not win in the 2016 Republican Party Primaries?
Which southern states did Hillary not win in the 2016 Democratic Party Primaries?
Which western states did Sanders not win in the 2016 Democratic Party Primaries?
Which northern states did Romney not win in the 2012 Republican Party Primaries?
Which midwestern states did Trump not win in the 2016 primaries?
Which governors of West Virginia have not been Republican since 2010?
Which governor of Alaska was not a member of either the Democrat or Republican parties since 2000?
Who did not win the presidential election in 1984?
Which states that voted Republican in the 2016 election did not vote Republican in the 2020 election?
Which state did not vote the incumbent's party into the governorship in 2020?
Who ran for vice presidency in 2020 and attended Howard University?
Who ran for president and was also vice president of Obama?
Who was born July 6, 1946 and ran in the 2000 United States Presidential Election?
Who was a senator from California and was also elected president?
Who ran for president in 1816 and was a senator from Virginia?
Who was born and raised in Hyde Park, New York and was elected to multiple terms in the United States presidency?
Who ran for president in 2020 and had no experience in politics?
Who ran in the 2020 Democratic Primaries and was Asian?
Who ran in the 2020 Democratic Primaries and was a senator from Vermont?
Who ran in the 2020 Democratic Primaries and was a senator from California?
Who was a senator from Kentucky and ran in the 2016 Republican Primaries?
Who is a senator from Vermont who ran in the 2020 Democrat Primaries?
Who was the Republican nominee for president in 2008 and also was a senator from Arizona?
Which former mayor of New York ran in the 2008 Republican Primaries?
Who ran for president in 2020 and is famous for his gloves?
Who ran for president in 2020 and is a senator from Massachusetts?
Who ran for president in 2020 and lost the popular vote by a massive amount in 2016?
Who ran for president in 2016 and won the popular vote?
Who was a former president and assumed office before 1990, and is still alive?
Which senator is from Delaware and won a special election to replace Joe Biden in 2010?
Which House member is from California and is a female Speaker of the House?
Who is a senator from California who also became vice president at any point after 2016?
Who served as California's governor in the past and also starred as a main character in the Terminator movies?
Who served as the senator of Massachusetts and was also married to Jim Warren in the past?
Who has served as the vice president of the United States and is an Asian American?
Who ran for president in 1979 and was a former movie actor?
Who is a U.S. representative for California and graduated from Trinity Washington University in 1962?
Who was the oldest American governor and a woman?
Who was the youngest American governor and member or the Republican Party?
Who was the first female governor elected without being the wife or widow of a past state governor?
Who was the first African American governor and a Democrat?
Who ran for vice president in 2020 and was re-elected for Attorney General in California in 2014?
Who was first elected to the U.S. Senate in 1984 and became Senate Majority Leader in 2014?
Who is the highest-ranking military member who also serves in Congress?
Who was the ambassador to the United Nations Economic and Social Council under Ronald Reagan who ran and lost three presidential races?
Which widow was elected to fill her dead husband's senate seat who also became the first woman to serve in both chambers of Congress?
Who ran for president in 2008 and called Illinois his home state?
Who ran for president in 2004 and had running mate Dick Cheney?
Who ran for president in 2004 and had running mate John Edwards?
Who ran for president in 2000 and called Tennessee his home state?
Who ran for president in 2012 and was United States senator from Illinois from 2005 to 2008?
Who is the former U.S. Secretary of State and the First Lady of the United States to the 42nd president?
Who was a presidential candidate in 2020 and a former host of the TV series The Apprentice?
Who is the former governor of California and played the character Terminator in the Terminator movie series?
Who is the former president of the United States and starred in the 1942 movie Kings Row?
In what year was the U.S. president who was in office when the COVID-19 pandemic began born?
Who was vice president when the president who had formerly been on the TV show "The Apprentice" was in office?
What is the full name of the wife, as of 2020, of the U.S. senator who was once mayor of Burlington, Vermont?
On what date was the U.S. president whose vice president was Walter Mondale born?
In what year did the first term start of the only U.S. president to have served more than two terms?
Who was the wife of the fourth U.S. president?
What was the president in 1980s previous career?
What reality TV show did the 45th president star in?
What actress did the 35th president supposedly have an affair with?
Where was the longest serving member of the senate born?
How old was the youngest U.S. president?
Which party did the oldest U.S. president belong to?
How many children did the 44th president of the U.S. have?
Where was the wife of the 6th U.S. president born?
How old was Joe Biden by the time he was elected the president of the United States?
Who was the president of the United States when the September 11 attack happened?
What year was the very first president of the United States born?
What is the name of the 46th president's dog?
During which election did the president get the most amount of votes in history?
Who is the wife of the 46th U.S. president?
Who was the wife of the 45th U.S. president?
Who was the vice president to the 44th U.S. president?
Who was the vice president to the 43rd U.S. president?
Which state had the first female governor?
How old was the youngest elected president when he took office?
In what year was the 10th president elected?
How long did the longest serving member of Congress serve?
What political party did the first U.S. president belong to?
What political party did the 2nd U.S. president belong to?
What political party did the 3rd U.S. president belong to?
What political party did the 7th U.S. president belong to?
What year was the youngest Texas senator sworn in?
How many senators does the last state to join the United States have?
Who was the first female governor of the smallest state in the USA?
How many children did the 12th president have?
What is the political party of the senator who holds the record for longest uninterrupted time in office?
How many children does the 38th governor of California have?
From which university did the 28th U.S. president earn his Ph.D.?
How long was the youngest First Lady in office for?
How long was the first American president of the United States in office for?
How long was the youngest American president in office for?
Who was the first female vice president?
Who was the first female Justice of the Supreme Court?
Who was the first black governor?
Who was the first senator?
Who was the 27th president?
Who was the first Catholic president?
Who was the first president assassinated while in office?
Who was the 45th president of the United States?
Who was the first African American president of the United States?
Who was the last absolute monarch of Russia?
Who is the 23rd prime minister of Canada?
Who was the first U.S. president to win a Nobel Peace Prize?
Who was the first African-American appointed to the Supreme Court?
Who was the first Hispanic-American senator?
Who was the first American woman in space?
Who was the first black president of the United States of America?
Name the first Republican president of the United States of America?
Who was the first woman to assume the office of governor?
Who was the first black president of the United States?
When did president George W. Bush win his first term?
When was president George W. Bush re-elected for his second term?
Who was the first person to sign the Declaration of Independence in 1776?
Who was the first sitting senator to be elected president of the United States?
When did George W. Bush win his second term as U.S. president?
When did Bill Clinton win his second term?
Who was the first Hispanic senator?
Who was the 10th president of the United States?
Who was the 22nd president of the United States?
Who was the 33rd president of the United States?
Who was the 6th president of the U.S.?
Who was the first black senator in the U.S.?
Who was the first woman of color in the U.S. Senate?
Who was the first transgender person to hold a political office in the United States?
Who was the first openly gay person to hold office in the United States?
Who was the first United States president to be impeached?
Who was the last U.S. president to be assassinated?
Who was the first United States president to visit North Korea?
Who was the youngest person to become president?
Who was Washington state's oldest governor?
Who is the oldest person to assume the office of U.S. president?
Who was the youngest elected president of the United States?
Who was the longest-serving chief justice in U.S. history?
Who was the shortest serving president of the United States?
Who was the youngest vice president in the U.S.?
Which party has the most representatives in the House?
Which party has the most senators?
Who is the oldest current senator?
Who is the oldest current Supreme Court justice?
Who has been the youngest judge to step on the Supreme Court of the United States?
Who has been the oldest judge to step on the Supreme Court of the United States?
Who has been the youngest vice president to step foot in the White House?
Who has been the oldest vice president to step foot in the White House?
What has been the shortest time that an American president has been in office?
Who was the shortest-serving president?
Who was the longest-serving Speaker of the House?
Which state has produced the most U.S. presidents?
Which state has elected the most female governors?
Who was the shortest-serving senator?
Which U.S. congressional district has the greatest area?
Who was the youngest elected person to become president of the United States?
Who was the youngest person to assume U.S. presidency?
Of all the U.S. presidents, who was the tallest?
Of all the U.S. presidents, who was the shortest?
Who was the youngest Speaker of the House ever?
Who is the heaviest politician in history?
Who was the tallest person to become president of the United States?
Who is the tallest person to hold political office in the United States?
Which American president served the shortest term?
Who was the longest serving senator?
Who was the oldest person to assume the presidency?
Which party had the most amount of people as president?
Who was the oldest president at the end of their presidency?
Who was the youngest president at the start of their presidency?
Who is the tallest person to serve in U.S. government?
Which state has had the most female governors?
Who was the youngest member of the United States Congress on December 2, 1793?
Did President Obama serve 2 terms?
Was President Clinton impeached?
Does the United Kingdom have a president?
Did President Trump serve more than one term?
Did Donald Trump win the election in 2020?
Did Bill Clinton serve two terms as president of the United States?
Was Donald Trump a vice president before he became president of the United States?
Did Donald Trump win the 2020 Presidential Election?
Did Hillary Clinton win the 2016 Presidential Election?
Has there ever been a woman president of the United States?
Has there ever been a black president of the United States?
Has there ever been a Jewish U.S. president?
Was George W. Bush re-elected in 2009?
Was Donald Trump re-elected in 2021?
Was Ronald Reagan re-elected in 1989?
Was Bill Clinton re-elected in 1996?
Is Queen Elizabeth II the monarch of the United Kingdom?
Has any U.S. president won a Nobel Peace Prize?
Was Theodore Roosevelt the only U.S. president to win a Nobel Peace Prize?
Did Hillary Clinton win the election in 2016?
Did Trump get impeached during his term?
Is China a democratic country?
Is Biden the oldest person to assume the presidency?
Is Shinzō Abe still the prime minister of Japan?
Does Russia have a democratic government?
Is the term length of president of the United States 4 years?
Is the Philippines a democratic country?
Do Japanese citizens vote for president of Japan?
Was John Barrasso re-elected in 2018?
Does India have a democratic parliamentary system?
Is the BJP the only party in India to have won a majority without forming a coalition since 1984?
Does the Indian government consist of three different branches?
Is Ecuador a democratic country?
Was Donald Trump re-elected in 2012?
Are there 140 seats in the United States Senate?
Has there ever been an Italian-American president of the United States?
Was Bill Clinton a Democrat?
Is Russia a democracy?
Is the United Kingdom a member of the European Union?
Has the United States of America ever had a female president?
Is the current vice president of the United States of America a woman?
Has California ever had a female governor?
Can a president be elected for a third term?
Has a president ever served more than 2 terms?
Has a president ever died while in office?
Who is older, Tom Cruise or Brad Pitt?
Is Rupert Grint taller than Daniel Radcliffe?
How many Star Wars movies did Han Solo appear in?
How many Academy Awards has Leonardo DiCaprio won?
What James Cameron movie was nominated for Best Director but did not win?
Which Avengers movies did Tom Holland not appear in?
Which 2001 Ridley Scott movie does not star Anthony Hopkins?
What actress starred in Black Swan and studied at Harvard?
What movie was directed by Quentin Tarantino and starred Jamie Foxx?
What actor played James Bond and was born in Scotland?
Where is the actor who played Edward in Twilight from?
When was the director of Parasite born?
When did Steven Spielberg win his first Oscar?
What is the last Marvel movie to feature a Stan Lee cameo?
What movie had the biggest budget?
Who is the youngest person to win the Academy Award for Best Actor?
Which Lord of the Rings movies is the longest?
Did La La Land win Best Picture?
Did Star Wars Episode IV come out before Star Wars Episode I?
Has Tom Hanks ever been in a movie with Ewan McGregor?
Which Beyoncé album had more songs, Lemonade or Everything is Love?
Did Old Town Road come out the same year as New Rules?
Did Here Comes the Sun come out before 1970?
How many studio albums has Camila Cabello released?
Which members of Blackpink were not born in South Korea?
What Grammy Award was Thinking Out Loud nominated for but did not win?
How old was the lead singer of Queen when he died?
Who is the youngest member of the Jonas Brothers married to?
How tall is the singer of "Oops!... I Did It Again"?
What is the last One Direction album to include Zayn?
Who won the most Grammy Awards in one night?
Who is the youngest person to win the Grammy Award for Album of the Year?
What is the longest song on the Lemonade album?
Did Old Town Road win the Grammy Award for Best Music Video?
Did Taylor Swift's Reputation come out before Red?
Has Lady Gaga ever made a song with Ariana Grande?
Did Tom Brady join the Tampa Bay Buccaneers before 2019?
Is Cristiano Ronaldo older than Lionel Messi?
How many Super Bowls has Peyton Manning won?
How many teams has LeBron James played for?
How many Manchester United players were in the Euro 2020 England squad?
In 2015, which Grand Slam tournament did Serena Williams not win?
How many Olympic medals does Simone Biles have that are not gold?
What team did LeBron James play for that plays home games at the Rocket Mortgage FieldHouse?
Who was a member of the 2016 U.S. Olympic Women's Gymnastics Team and born in Needham, Massachusetts?
Which players from Manchester United were also in the Euro 2020 England squad?
Where was the captain of the U.S. women's national soccer team born?
When did Simone Biles win her first Olympic gold medal?
What is the last Grand Slam that Serena Williams won?
What is the second NBA team Kyrie Irving played for?
Which tennis player has won the most Grand Slams?
Who was the youngest person to win an NBA Championship?
Which country won the most medals at the 2016 Olympics?
Did Tom Brady win a Super Bowl after leaving the Patriots?
Did Simone Biles win a gold medal at the 2020 Olympics?
Which state has more electoral votes, Colorado or Utah?
Did Tony Blair become prime minister before 1994?
Is Mike Lee older than Mitt Romney?
How many U.S. states did Bernie Sanders win in the 2020 Democratic Party Primaries?
How many Democratic governors has Massachusetts had since 2000?
How many astronauts have been elected to Congress?
Which primaries did Hillary Clinton run in but not win?
Who ran for president in 2020 and graduated from the University of Delaware?
What party did the U.S. president during WWII belong to?
Who was the wife of the 41st U.S. president?
How old was the longest serving senator from Massachusetts when he died?
Who was the first woman to become a senator?
Who was the 30th president of the United States?
When did Obama win his second term?
Who was the youngest person to become a senator?
Who was the longest-serving congressperson?
Has there ever been an atheist U.S. president?
How many books are in The Inheritance Cycle?
How many Pevensie children are there?
Which books in the His Dark Materials trilogy have not been made into a movie?
Which Chronicles of Narnia book does not take place in the 1940s?
Which book in the Harry Potter series was released in 2000?
Who was a poet and won four Pulitzer Prizes?
Who directed the movie that's based on the third Harry Potter book?
Where did the winner of the 2017 Nobel Prize in Literature go to university?
When did the first Game of Thrones book come out?
Which Harry Potter book is the longest?
Did Robert Frost win a Pulitzer Prize?
Is Katniss Everdeen from District 11?
Is Mont Blanc taller than Mount Rainier?
How many countries are in Central America?
Which countries in South America do not have Spanish as an official language?
What river flows through Germany and is the second longest river in Europe?
What state is the 6th largest state by area and home to the Grand Canyon?
What is the population of the state where Mount Rainier is located?
What is the capital of the country with mainland Europe's only active volcano?
When was the last eruption of Mount Vesuvius?
What is the second longest river in the world?
What is the longest river in the U.S.?
What is the tallest active volcano in Europe?
What is the largest city in Europe by population?
Is the Nile River the longest river in the world?
Which series has more games, Red Dead or Grand Theft Auto?
Did the first Halo game come out before the first Call of Duty game?
Did World of Warcraft come out before 2005?
How many games are in the Red Dead series?
How many of the main Witcher games can be played on a Switch?
How many games were in the original Halo series?
Which Mario Kart game did Yoshi not appear in?
Which game is in the Final Fantasy series and has Sephiroth as the main villain?
Which Pokemon game is set in the Alola region and was released in 2016?
Which of the standalone Witcher games is playable on a Switch?
Who is the protagonist in the seventh Final Fantasy game?
When was the second game in the original Halo trilogy released?
What is the fourth Pokemon in the Pokedex?
What is the fifth installment of the Call of Duty series?
What was the first Mario Kart game to include Baby Luigi?
Which game in the Witcher series sold the most copies?
What game received the most nominations at The Game Awards 2020?
What is the best-selling video game console of all time?
Did Blizzard Entertainment develop World of Warcraft?
Who had a longer reign, King George III or Queen Victoria?
Was the Roman Republic founded before 400 BC?
How many people made up the First Triumvirate?
How many countries were the principal partners in the Axis alliance?
Which British queen never got married?
Which Roman leader invaded Britain but did not conquer it?
Which of King Henry VIII's legitimate children did not live past the age of 15?
Who was a wife of King Henry VIII and the cousin of Anne Boleyn?
Who was the daughter of King Henry VIII's second wife?
How old was the first emperor of Rome when he died?
Who was the last Ptolemaic ruler of Egypt?
Who was King Henry VIII married to the longest?
Did King Henry VIII have eight wives?
Was Julius Caesar the first emperor of Rome?
Was Italy part of the Axis alliance in World War II?
Who was the wife of the 25th president?
Who was the wife of the 24th president?
Who was the wife of the 22nd president?
Who was the wife of the 31st U.S. president?
Who was the wife of the president during the majority of World War II?
Who was the wife of the president who was entangled in a controversy with Lewinsky?
How old was the longest serving congressman in United States history when he died?
How many terms did the politician who served the longest in Congress serve?
How many times did the leader of the Rough Riders, during the Spanish American War, run for president?
Hoe many times was Theodore Roosevelt's distant cousin elected as president of the United States?
What party did the U.S. president belong during the attack to the twin towers?
What party did the U.S. president during WWI belong to?
Which party did the U.S. president during the moon landing belong to?
What is the tallest building in the largest city in Illinois?
What is the population of the capital of Illinois?
What country has the capital with the most population?
What is the population of the state where Las Vegas is located?
What is the tallest building in the capital city in Mexico?
What is the tallest building in the capital city of Brazil?
What is the tallest building in the capital city of Argentina?
What is the tallest building in the capital city of Colombia?
What is the largest national park in the state (based on acres) that features the Newport Bridge?
What is the population of the country directly to the south of the USA?
What is the capital of the country with the Burj Khalifa?
What is the state with the Willis Tower in its largest city?
What is the name of the state that hosts Petco Park?
Which Harry Potter character is a Hufflepuff student in Harry Potter's year and married to Neville Longbottom?
Which Harry Potter character is the Head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement and the aunt of Susan Bones?
Which Harry Potter character is a Slytherin student in Harry's year and a member of Dolores Umbridge's Inquisitorial Squad?
Which Harry Potter character is a Death Eater and the sister of Amycus Carrow?
Which Harry Potter character is a Muggle-born Gryffindor student one year below Harry and the older brother of Dennis Creevey?
Which character in the Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants series is a soccer star and lost her mom to suicide?
Which character in the Babysitters' Club series coaches a softball team and serves as club president?
Which character in the Babysitters' Club series has diabetes and moved from New York City?
Which main character in the Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants series has Greek heritage and becomes a student at the Rhode Island School of Design?
Which Harry Potter character was an animal and had three heads, as well?
Who was a wizard and attempted to plunge the city of Delain into chaos in The Eyes of the Dragon?
Who was referred to as the Prince of Cats and killed Mercutio in Romeo and Juliet?
Which character was acting Deputy Director of the CIA and uncovered a secret war being waged in Colombia in Clear and Present Danger?
Who is in high school and obsessed with Filory in the Magicians?
Which character in Matilda can move things with her eyes and learned to talk when she was one year old?
Who was the character in the Great Gatsby originally from North Dakota and was very wealthy?
What Game of Thrones character is both father and uncle to the same children?
What Game of Thrones character was a princess and also was burned at the stake?
What Game of Thrones character was an advisor to royalty but also a dwarf?
What Game of Thrones character became pregnant by a king but was murdered before giving birth?
Which character in the Star Wars prequel novelizations is a Jedi Master who is also the master of the Shatterpoint technique?
Which character in A Song of Ice and Fire is a member of House Stark who also goes into hiding after her father is killed?
Which Harry Potter character is a Weasley and married Harry Potter?
Which Harry Potter character ate slugs from a broken wand and stole a flying car?
Which Harry Potter character was the groundskeeper of Hogwarts and half-giant?
Which Harry Potter character is a half-blood wizard and married Ginny Weasley?
Which Harry Potter character is a Weasley sibling and was born on August 11, 1981?
Which Harry Potter character was a senior Quidditch correspondent for the Daily Prophet and had a child named Albus Severus?
Which Harry Potter character was the Headmaster of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry and was killed by Severus Snape?
Which Harry Potter character is a pure-blood wizard and parent's names were Arthur and Molly?
Who in Game of Thrones is known as Khaleesi of the Great Grass Sea and has a father named King Aerys II?
What Game of Thrones character is trained as a Faceless Man and was born in 287 AC?
Which Harry Potter character was an heir of Salazar Slytherin and possessed the Elder Wand?
Which Lord of the Ring character is a member of the Fellowship of the Ring and an Elf?
Which building in the Harry Potter series was located in Diagon Alley and was the storage place of a Horcrux?
Which Lord of the Ring character is a Maia and resides in Mordor?
Which Lord of the Rings character is a relative to Frodo and originally finds the ring?
Who is the leader of Rainbow Six and a reappearing figure in the Tom Clancy novels?
Which Robert Ludlum character is a trained killer and suffers from amnesia?
Was Margaret Thatcher the first female prime minister of the United Kingdom?
Was Gerhard Schroeder the chancellor of Germany before Angela Merkel?
Did George W. Bush only serve one term as a U.S. president?
Is China the only communist country in the world?
Was John Adams the third president of the United States?
Was Ronald Regan re-elected in 1984?
Is Vietnam a communist country?
Has there ever been a U.S. president who was a practicing Muslim?
Is Brazil a democracy?
Is Justin Trudeau Canada's prime minister?
What is the shortest song on the Bob Dylan album Blonde on Blonde?
What is the longest song on Bob Dylan's Rough and Rowdy Ways?
What is the longest song on T. Rex's The Slider album?
What is the longest song on the Beatles' White Album?
What musician has traveled the most on tours?
What is the highest grossing tour from any musician ever?
Which Beatle wrote the most songs?
What is the longest song on the Abbey Road album?
Which male artist has won the most Grammys?
Which Nas album has the most tracks?
Which 2Pac album has the most songs?
What is the longest song on The Slim Shady LP?
Which Biggie album has the most discs?
Which Jason Bourne movie is Matt Damon not in?
Which Hangover movie was Heather Graham not in?
Which Iron Man movie is Don Cheadle not in?
Which Pirates of The Caribbean movie did not have Orlando Bloom?
Which Scary Movie did not have Anna Faris in it?
Which Final Fantasy movie was not made after 2002?
Which Matrix movie was not released in the 21st century?
Which Tom Hanks movie did not primarily take place on the ground?
What Jérémy Clapin 2019 movie was nominated for Best Animated Feature Film but did not win?
What Sergio Pablos 2019 film was nominated for Best Animated Feature Film but did not win?
What Chris Butler 2019 movie was nominated for Best Animated Feature Film but did not win?
What Rodrigo Prieto 2019 movie was nominated for Best Cinematography but did not win?
Where was the director of Eternals born?
What date was the actress born who played Scarlett in "Gone with the Wind"?
How many deserts in the world have an area of more than 3 million square miles?
How many regions in England have a population of less than 5 million?
How many principal areas of Wales have a population of less than 90,000?
What are the New Wonders of the World?
How many original American colonies were there?
How many moonbows are there?
How many states border California?
How many states have a panhandle?
How may states touch Lake Michigan?
How many counties are there in Delaware?
How many of the 50 states do not use counties?
How many of United States' 10 largest counties by population are in California?
How many of the 10 largest counties by land are not in Alaska?
How many U.S. states have a population under 1,000,000?
How many states in the U.S. have a population over 20,000,000?
How many countries have a population under 5,000?
How many wives did Roman Emperor Augustus have?
How many wives did Roman Emperor Tiberius have?
How many wives did Roman Emperor Vitellius have?
How many wives did Roman Emperor Septimius Severus have?
How many wives did Woodrow Wilson have?
How many wives did John Tyler have?
How many wives did Ronald Reagan have?
Which female member of The Mamas and the Papas was not a member of The Mugwumps?
Which male member of The Mamas and the Papas was not a member of The Mugwumps?
What member of ZZ Top does not have a beard?
What member of Crosby, Stills and Nash is not from the United States?
Which member of The Supremes did not have a successful solo career?
Which former member of NSYNC is not straight?
Which song by Adele was not released before 2020?
Which members of the Backstreet Boys were not a part of the original group?
Which Backstreet Boys songs were not on the U.S. Charts?
Which Backstreet Boys albums were not released before 2010?
Which Grammy Awards was Chasing Pavements nominated for but did not win?
Which Kay Perry Albums have been nominated for a Grammy but did not win?
Which Beatles albums did not win a Grammy Award?
Is Joe Biden older than Gavin Newsom?
Is Greg Abbott older than Michelle Lujan Grisham?
Is Mitt Romney older than Donald Trump?
Did Grover Cleveland become president before 1890?
Which state has more electoral votes, Arkansas or Vermont?
Which state has more representatives: California or Rhode Island?
Did George W. Bush serve in the same office as Colin Powell in the 1990s?
Did William Henry Harrison serve as U.S. president for longer than Andrew Johnson?
Did John Adams take the oath of office for the U.S. president before Thomas Jefferson?
Was John Adams president before Abraham Lincoln?
Was Barack Obama president before Ronald Reagan?
Is Donald Trump younger than Barack Obama?
Is Melania Trump older than Donald Trump?
Is Jill Biden older than Melania Trump?
When did Kobe Bryant win his first NBA championship?
When did Stephen Curry win his first NBA MVP?
When did Usain Bolt win his first Olympic medal?
When did Cristiano Ronaldo win his first Euro Cup?
When did Africa first host the FIFA World Cup?
What was the first MLB team that Chase Utley played for?
What was the first MLB team that Pete Rose played for?
What was the first MLB team that Ron Howard played for?
In which year did LeBron James lose in his first NBA Finals?
Who was Tim Duncan's first ever NBA championship against?
Who was the first World Series winner of the 2010s in the MLB?
In which year did Dirk Nowitzki appear in his last ever NBA Finals?
How many John Wick movies are there?
How many movies are in the Hangover franchise?
How many movies in the Deadpool franchise?
How many Batman movies did Christian Bale star in?
How many Academy Awards did Saving Private Ryan win?
How many Oscar awards has Leonardo DiCaprio won?
How many Academy Awards did the movie Lost in Translation win?
How many Academy Awards has Russell Crowe won?
How many Star Trek movies does Khan appear in?
How many live action Star Wars movies feature Hoth?
How many Star Trek movies were released in the 1990s?
How many Blade Runner movies have been released?
Who is the daughter of the first queen of Egypt?
How old was the fourth queen of England when she died?
How old was the fifth Roman emperor when he got married?
Who was the wife of the U.S. president during the attack on the Twin Towers?
Who was the wife of the U.S. president during the first moon landing?
Who was the wife of the prime minister of England during World War 2?
Who was the wife of the U.S. president during the World War 1?
How old was the 28th president of the U.S. when he died?
How old was the 32nd president of the U.S. when he died?
Who was the husband of the first woman to run in a general presidential election in the U.S.?
Who was the wife of the only president to be impeached twice?
How old was the first Canadian prime minister when he died?
Who was the most famous relative of the person who crossed the Rubicon?
Who was president after the president who won the Battle of New Orleans in the War of 1812?
Who was the president before the president who presided over the majority of the American Civil War?
Who was the daughter of President Theodore Roosevelt's first wife?
Who was the wife of the French king during the attack in the French Revolution?
How old was the first emperor of Germany when he died?
Whom did King Henry VII's first daughter marry?
Who was the son of the French queen assassinated in 1793?
Who was the wife of the captain who went down with the Titanic?
How many Super Bowls has Jerry Rice won?
How many Stanley Cups has Sidney Crosby won?
How many Grand Slams did Maria Sharapova win?
How many different teams did Wilt Chamberlain play for?
How many Grand Slams has Marat Safin won?
How many Stanley Cups have the Washington Capitals won?
How many World Series titles have the Philadelphia Phillies won?
What was the most recent Call of Duty game that was not developed by Infinity Ward?
What game did Mario first appear in but was not the main character?
What Super Mario Bros game did Bowser not appear in?
What Animal Crossing game does not give you a reward for completing museum exhibitions?
What Five Nights at Freddy's game does not feature Foxy in any form?
What Tekken game did not have Kazuya Mishima as a playable fighter?
What was the first Metroid game that did not involve Samus appearing as a 2-D sprite?
What was the first Castlvania game without a Belmont as the main protagonist?
Which Street Fighter game did not have more than 2 playable characters?
What was the first Zelda game not released in 2D?
What was the first Final Fantasy game that did not have a job system?
What was the first Mario game that did not feature Bowser as the final boss?
What was the first main Final Fantasy game to not feature Magic Points (MP)?
What was the first Star Ocean game to not be at least partially in 2D?
Which Super Smash Bros. character on the N64 platform was a primate, but not a human being?
Which level in Super Smash Bros. (N64) level was not an already-unlocked level at the very beginning?
Which unlockable Super Smash Bros. character on N64 was not a human being?
Which games were nominated for the Game of the Year Award at The Game Awards 2019 but did not win?
What was the first game in the Fallot series not published by Interplay Productions?
Which Mass Effect game does not include Commander Shepard as the main character?
What Dragon Age game does not feature at least five love interests?
What Far Cry game(s) does not feature a speaking protagonist?
What Dishonored game does not feature a playable female character?
How old is the current general manager of the Philadelphia Phillies?
How old is the current head coach of the New York Jets?
How old is the current head coach of the Memphis Grizzlies?
How old is the current head coach of the Philadelphia Flyers?
How old is the current head coach of the Philadelphia Eagles?
Who was the quarterback of the team that lost Super Bowl XLIX?
Who was the team that went winless in the NFL in the same season that Pittburgh won their sixth Super Bowl?
Who was the offensive coordinator for the team that won the Super Bowl early in 2021?
How old is the current coach of Los Angeles Clippers?
How old is the current coach of Boston Celtics?
How old is the current coach of New York Knicks?
How old is the current coach of Houston Rockets?
Who was the quarterback of the team that won Super Bowl XLII?
What state was the current starting quarterback for the Green Bay Packers born in?
How old is the current manager of the Houston Astros?
In what year was the 2019 MLB American League Cy Young Award winner born?
What Super Bowls did Tom Brady win but not get MVP?
How many World Series titles did the Red Sox not lose during the 21st century so far?
In 2008, who was the only NFL team to not win a game?
Which head coaches are the only ones to not have fewer wins than Bill Belichick in the regular season?
What MLB team has not been to the World Series?
How many times did Bill Russell not win an NBA championship while playing?
How many times did Tom Brady not make the playoffs?
How many times did LeBron James make it to the NBA Finals and not win?
In 2019, who did not win the MLB World Series?
Who made it to the 2019 NCAA College Football Championship finals and did not win?
In the 2019 NBA Finals, which team did not win?
In the 2019 NHL Stanley Cup, which team did not take the prized trophy?
In the 2004 Summer Olympics, which events did Michael Phelps compete in but did not win the gold medals?
In the fourth quarter of 2018, which Formula 1 Grand Prix did Lewis Hamilton participate in but did not win the first position?
Which 2011 World Championship event did Usain Bolt participate in but was not able to complete due to disqualification?
Which WTA Tour Championships did Maria Sharapova make it into the finals but did not win?
Who played Harry Potter in the first Harry Potter movie based on the Harry Potter books?
Which year was the writer of the Harry Potter series born?
Which war did the author of Catcher in the Rye fight in?
What is the first name of the author of the Chronicles of Narnia?
Which country was the author of Matilda born in?
Who directed the movie with a novelization by James Kahn?
In what year was the author of Heir to the Empire born?
Who wrote the first book in the sci-fi series with a movie starring Harrison Ford and Asa Butterfield?
How old was the author of Wuthering Heights when she passed away?
In what country was the author of Pride and Prejudice born?
Who is the youngest poet to win a Pulitzer Prize?
What is Charles Dickens' shortest book?
What is the most recent Little House series book?
Who was the oldest member of the Fellowship of the Ring?
Which fiction authors have won the most Pulitzer Prizes for fiction?
Which publisher published the most Booker Prize winners?
Which Lord of the Rings book has the most pages?
Which Lord of the Rings book has the fewest pages?
Which Stephen King Novel has the most pages?
Which author has written the most books in the Jedi Apprentice series?
Which author wrote the least amount of books in the Jedi Apprentice series?
Which solo writer wrote the most amount of books in the New Jedi Order series?
Which Star Wars book was the longest in page count?
Which LOTR book was the shortest in page count?
Who was the tallest human character in Harry Potter?
What is considered to be the oldest novel ever written?
What is the oldest character in Harry Potter?
When was the second game in the original Mega Man series released in the U.S.?
When was the third game in the original Mega Man series released in the U.S.?
When was the fourth game in the original Mega Man series released in the U.S.?
When was the sixth game in the original Mega Man series released in the U.S.?
When was the first game in the original Halo trilogy released?
When was the third game in the original Halo trilogy released?
Who is the protagonist in the third game of the Darksiders series?
Who is the final boss of the second game in the Batman Arkham series?
Who is the son of the protagonist of Assassins Creed IV: Black Flag?
Which video game developer developed the 2nd-highest selling video game of all time?
Approximately how many units have been sold of the highest-selling video game of all time?
Who is the son of the main protagonist of the first Red Dead Redemption game?
When was the second game in the original Devil May Cry series released?
Who is the villain in the video game created by Akira Kitamura and Keiji Inafune?
Who is the final boss in the first Zelda game on an N64 platform?
Who is the first boss in the last Zelda game on the N64 platform?
Who is the first boss in the first level of Super Mario 64?
Who is the third boss in the first SNES Link game?
What is the first level of the first N64 Kirby game?
When was the last Animal Crossing game released?
When was the first Yoshi game released?
The video game character chased by Blinky, Pinky, Inky, and Clyde was modeled after which food?
The character that Amy Rose has a romantic crush on made his first appearance in which Racing video?
In what year did the video game set in the Kingdom of Hyrule first debut?
In which installment of GTA was a character voiced by a popular actor who had also voiced a character in The Incredibles?
What is the martial art practiced by the green Brazilian fighter from Street Fighter?
What is the nationality of the Street Fighter character who is best friends with Ken?
What is the nationality of the Street Fighter character who wears a mask and a claw?
What is the martial art practiced by the eyepatched Street Fighter character from Thailand?
From what country does the Street Fighter practitioner of yoga come?
Who is the protagonist in the eight Final Fantasy game?
Who is the secondary character in the third and fourth Sonic game?
Who is the secondary character in the third Crash Bandicoot game?
When was the first game in the Gears of War series released?
When was the second game in the Gears of War series released?
When was the first game in the Call of Duty series released?
Who is the love interest of Mario's twin brother?
What is the color of Mario's twin brother's clothes?
What is the color of Luigi's twin brother's clothes?
When was the first game featuring Mario on the Super Nintendo released?
What is the second game in the series that features Commander Shepherd?
What is the second N64 title in the series that features a protagonist named Link?
What is the first city in the seventh installment of a series with Chocobos and Moogles?
What is the name of the most recently released expansion of the second MMORPG in the Final Fantasy series?
In what year was the second Legend of Zelda game released?
When was the third major installment in the Call of Duty series released?
Who was the main villain in the tenth major installment in the Call of Duty series?
What is the name of the final campaign level in the first entry in the Halo series?
In Kingdom Hearts what is the name of Sora's Nobody's best friends?
In Kingdom Hearts III, what is the name of Sora's love interest's Nobody?
In Animal Crossing: New Horizons, who is the father of the twins who run the general store?
In Animal Crossing: New Horizons, who is the third sister of the Able Sisters Clothing store?
In Animal Crossing: New Horizons, who is the sister of the museum curator?
Who is the protagonist in the thirteenth Final Fantasy game?
Is Mount Kilimanjaro located in Africa?
Is the Caspian Sea found in North America?
Is Asia Earth's largest continent?
Is Montreal the capital of Canada?
Is Mount Rushmore located in Colorado?
Is the Mississippi River the longest in North America?
Is Mount Everest in Asia?
Is Los Angeles the capital of California?
Who was Mark Antony's third wife?
Who was Fulvia's first husband?
Who was the first legendary emperor of Japan?
Who was the third son of Emperor Jimmu?
Who was the last king of Sparta?
Who was the first leader of the Persian Empire?
Who was the last Assyrian king?
Who was the first king of the first dynasty of Babylon?
Who is Henry VIII's first wife?
Who is Henry VIII's third wife?
Who is Henry VIII's fourth wife?
What is the third largest state by population in the USA?
What is the fifth most populous country in Europe?
What is the fifth highest mountain in the USA?
In what year was the last major volcanic eruption in the USA?
What is the second tallest mountain in the contiguous U.S.?
What is the first U.S. state north of the equator?
What is the second highest mountain in the world?
What is the 3rd longest river in the United States?
What is the second longest river in Italy?
What is the third longest river in the United States?
What is the second tallest mountain in Europe?
What is the second longest river in the United Kingdom?
How many Assassin's Creed games have Shao Jun as the main character?
How many Saints Row games can be played on the Linux platform?
How many games are in Pokemon Generation 1?
How many Zelda games were there before Zelda II was released?
How many playable characters were in Sonic the Hedgehog 2?
How many games take place before Lufia I?
How many Kingdom Hearts games have there been?
How many Call of Duty games have there been?
How many major games has Blizzard developed?
How many DuckTales games are there on the NES?
How many Streets of Rage games are there on the Sega Genesis?
How many NES games does Yoshi make an appearance in?
How many games are in the Gears of War series?
How many games are in the Last of Us series?
How many Mega Man games were released for the Nintendo Entertainment System?
How many home video game consoles has Nintendo released?
How many Mortal Kombat games are available for Nintendo Switch?
How many games in the Dead or Alive series were available on Playstation 2?
How many main Witcher games are there?
How many main Assassin's Creed games are available for Nintendo Switch?
How many games are in the Devil May Cry series?
How many games are in the Soulcalibur series?
How many games are in the Smash Bros. series?
How many Signs are available to Geralt in The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt?
How many spin-off games are in the Final Fantasy VII series?
How many playable characters are there in NieR:Automata?
How many Gwent factions are in The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt and its expansions?
Who was the second member of the Bush family to become the U.S. president?
When was Kim Wyman re-elected to a third term as the Secretary of State of Washington?
Who was the 7th president of the United States?
Who was the 9th president of the United States?
Who was the first president of the General Assembly of the United Nations?
Who was the 10th president of the United States of America?
Who was the second African American woman to serve in the Senate?
Who was the first president under the Articles of Confederation?
When did George Washington win his first presidency of the United States?
Who was the last president to die in office?
What state was the first to have a woman governor?
Who was both the 22nd and 24th president?
Who was the 31st president of the United States?
Who was the 36th president of the United States?
Who was the first US president to ride in an armored limo?
Who was the third president of India?
Who was the first de facto prime minister of the Great Britain?
Who was the second US Speaker of the House?
How many books are in the Game of Thrones series?
How many Harry Potter books?
How many chapters are there in The Richest Man in Babylon?
How many characters does The Richest Man in Babylon have?
Which countries in South America do not have access to the sea?
Which countries in South America do not have Portuguese as an official language?
What countries in Europe do not have access to the sea?
Which contiguous state that borders the Pacific Ocean does not have a northern state on its border?
Which state borders Canada and is not a contiguous state?
Which country borders the United States but not from the south?
Does Mario get smaller when he eats a shroom?
Is Zelda the one who typically rescues Link?
Is Luigi capable of climbing walls and breaking boulders in the original Mario games?
Is the Fire Temple the first dungeon in Ocarina of Time?
Has Final Fantasy VII been remade?
Did Final Fantasy X have a sequel?
Was Squaresoft involved in the development of Final Fantasy VIII?
Was Final Fantasy VIII released on the original Playstation?
Was Final Fantasy VII released on the PS2?
Does Jet Set Radio have a sequel on the Xbox?
Was the original Xbox able to play DVDs?
In 2021, had 4 Streets of Rage games been released?
Did Squaresoft develop Chrono Trigger?
Was the US Kiwi Kraze game the same game as The New Zealand Story from Japan?
Is the main character in Celeste named Celeste?
Does Electronic Arts develop the Madden game series?
Were the Protoss a playable race in the Starcraft games?
Was Minecraft released in 2005?
Is Pikachu a fire type Pokémon?
Is Samus Aran the protagonist of Metroid?
In Halo, is Master Chief a human?
Did Senator Armstrong in Metal Gear Rising attend an Ivy League school?
Did Aerith survive in Final Fantasy 7?
Did Steve Wozniak develop the version of Breakout released by Atari?
Did Wozniak develop Breakout in 1974?
Did Steve Jobs develop Breakout with Steve Wozniak?
Was Breakout the first game released by Apple Computers?
Is Zidane Tribal the main character in Final Fantasy IX?
Can you still play World of Warcraft online?
Was Diablo released in the 80s?
Will Grand Theft Auto 10 be available this year?
Was Grand Turismo available on the PlayStation console?
Is Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas the best-selling PlayStation 2 game of all time?
Was Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3 released in 2013?
Was The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild published by Microsoft?
In Diablo III, can players take on the role of a Demon Hunter?
Is there a Diablo III?
Did the XBox One outsell the Playstation 4?
Is the main character in Kingdom Hearts named Riku?
Is the main antagonist in Kingdom Hearts named Xehanort?
Is the anti-hero in Kirby named King Dedede?
Is the main villain in Borderlands named Handsome Jim?
Is the main villain in Bioshock named Andrew Ryan?
What Marvel movie was the first appearance of Black Panther?
Which Star Wars prequel was the first appearance of Anakin Skywalker?
What was the first movie Mel Gibson directed?
What year did James Cameron win his first Academy Award?
What is the last Quentin Tarantino movie?
What is the first Star Wars movie?
What is the last Indiana Jones movie?
What is the first Halloween movie?
For what movie did Tom Hanks get his first Oscar nomination for Best Actor?
When was the last Godfather movie released?
What was the name of the second Star Trek movie?
When was the first Christopher Nolan Batman movie released?
What is the third Marvel Cinematic Universe movie chronologically?
What is the fifth Marvel Cinematic Universe movie chronologically?
What is the sixth Marvel Cinematic Universe movie chronologically?
What is the 19th Marvel Cinematic Universe movie chronologically?
Did Jumanji come out before 1970?
Did Mean Girls come out after 1990?
Did Heathers come out before 2010?
Did Pulp Fiction come out after 1996?
When did the third Throne of Glass book come out?
When did the fourth Throne of Glass book come out?
What is the third book in A Song of Ice and Fire?
What is the third book in the Jedi Apprentice series?
In what year was the second book in the Ender Quintet released?
In what year was the first book in the Han Solo Trilogy released?
Who was the youngest person to win the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress?
Which Harry Potter film is shortest?
Who is the youngest actress to win an Academy Award?
Who has the most Oscars?
What is the longest movie?
Who is the shortest actor?
What is the largest city in the United Kingdom by population?
What is the tallest mountain in Scotland?
What is the largest continent in the world?
What is the deepest freshwater lake in South America?
What is the longest river in the United Kingdom?
What country is the most populated in Asia?
What city is the most populated in West Africa?
What is the longest river in Alabama?
What is the longest river in Maine?
What is the longest river in New Jersey?
Which Final Fantasy game was the first to get a sequel?
Which Final Fantasy game was the first to appear on the PS2?
What is the third game in the Elder Scrolls series?
What is the fourth game in the Elder Scrolls series?
What is the fifth game in the Elder Scrolls series?
What is the second game in the Elder Scrolls series?
What is the second Pokemon of the original 150 Pokemon?
What is the third Pokemon in the Pokedex?
What is the fifth Pokemon in the Pokedex?
What is the ninth Pokemon in the Pokedex?
What is the third installment of the Xenosaga series called?
What is the second Chrono game called?
What is the second game in the Star Ocean series called?
What is the fifth mission of Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain?
What was the name of the second villain in Farcry 3?
Who was the first playable female character in the Resident Evil series?
What is the first Summon Materia you get in Final Fantasy VII Remake?
What year was the first Final Fantasy release?
What year did the second Tales of Xillia game release?
What year did the last Castlevania game come out?
The third Witcher game started off in which location?
The fifth Elder Scrolls game took place in which area of Tamriel?
The second Elders Scrolls game was set where on Tamriel?
The third Fallout game took place in which area of the United States?
What was the second dungeon in Ocarina of Time?
What was seventh Final Fantasy's main antagonist?
What is the fourth installment of the Star Ocean main series?
What is the name of the fourth overall Command and Conquer game, including Red Alert titles and not including expansion packs?
How old is the singer of Wildest Dreams?
How old is the singer of Just Give Me a Reason?
How old is the singer of Chains?
How old is the singer of Like A Virgin?
In what year did the lead singer of Linkin Park die?
In what year did the singer of "Rock the Boat" die?
In what year did the lead singer of Queen die?
How old was the lead guitarist of the Beatles when he died?
How old was the singer of La Bamba when it was recorded?
How old was the singer of Dear Mama when he died?
How old is the leader of the band who made 21st Century Schizoid Man?
In what year did the first album of the Canadian band who made the song Tom Saywer come out?
In what year did the last studio album of the Canadian band who made the song Roll the Bones come out?
How old is the longest-tenured drummer for the band that recorded Every Breath You Take?
How tall is the singer of "Country Roads"?
How tall is the singer of "Gin and Juice"?
Did the original DotA game come out before League of Legends?
Which game franchise have existed for longer, Microsoft Flight Simulator or Metroid?
Which game franchise have sold more copies, Pokémon or Call of Duty?
Did Doom or Heretic come out first for the PC?
Was the Elders Scrolls series introduced before Baldur's Gate?
Which series has more games, Final Fantasy or Resident Evil?
Did Star Wars Galaxies come out before World of Warcraft?
Did Fallout 4 come out before Borderlands 3?
Which series has more games, Doom or Wolfenstein?
Which series has more games including spin-offs, Elder Scrolls or Fallout?
Which series has more games, Might and Magic or King's Quest?
Did the first Mario game come out before the first Sonic game?
Which series has more games, Mario Party or Mario Kart?
Did Amnesia The Dark Descent come out before 2013?
Which game sold more copies, Kingdom Hearts or Kingdom Hearts 2?
Did Portal come out before 2015?
Did Madden 21 come out before Red Ded Redemption?
Did RuneScape come out before FIFA 14?
Did RuneScape come out before Animal Crossing?
Did Minecraft come out before 2012?
Did Super Mario Bros come out before 1980?
Which series has more games, Tomb Raider or God of War?
Did the first Tomb Raider come out before the first God of War?
Which series has more games, Shenmue or Grand Theft Auto?
Which series has more games, Resident Evil or Mafia?
Which series has more games, NBA Jam or NBA 2K?
Did Super Mario Bros. come out before 1987?
Which series is older, Pokemon or Sonic the Hedgehog?
PS2 or Game Cube, which was the more powerful console?
EA or Activision, who owns more game studios?
Which game is in the Final Fantasy series and has Emperor Mateus Palamecia as the main villain?
Which game is in The Elder Scrolls series and the player uses magic shouting?
Which Elder Scrolls game is set in Cyrodiil and was released in 2006?
Which Elder Scrolls game is set in the entirety of Tamriel and was the first in the series?
Which Elder Scrolls Game contains nudity and was released in 1996?
Which game is in the Star Ocean series and has the Ten Wise Men as the main villains?
Which game is in the Final Fantasy series and has Squall as the main hero?
Which game is in the Mana series and has Popoi in it?
Which game is in the Xenosaga series and has Albedo as the final boss?
Which game is in the GTA series and has Carl Johnson as the main character?
Which game is in the GTA series and has multiple main characters for the first time?
Which game is in the NBA 2K series and has Michael Jordan as the cover player for the first time?
Which game is in the Assassin's Creed series and was released in 2020?
Which Zelda game was released for the Super Nintendo in 1992?
Which Zelda game was released for the Nintendo 64 in 1998?
Which Zelda game was released for the Nintendo 64 in 2000?
Which Zelda game was released for the GameCube in 2003?
Which Zelda game was released for the Wii in 2006?
Which game is in the Final Fantasy series and has Squall as the main protagonist?
Which game is in the Final Fantasy series and has Noctis as the main protagonist?
What game was created by Rockstar games and released on May 18, 2010?
What Grand Theft Auto game is playable on PS4 and PS5?
What video game franchise is an Xbox exclusive that includes Master Chief as a character?
What game featured a zombie attack that also had a movie under the same name starring Brad Pitt?
What PlayStation 4 game has sold more copies than any other PS4 game and came out in 2013?
Which Zelda game was released on SNES and in 1991?
Which Pokemon game was released on the Game Boy Advance and features Venusaur on the cover?
Which Mario game spinoff is for the Nintendo DS and features a Mario villain with a yellow hat on?
Which game in the Metal Gear Solid series ended with you fighting the president?
Which is the first game in the Sonic series to be played in 3D on a 128-bit system?
What game came out in 2021 in early access on the Steam store that featured world building like Minecraft and became an instant hit?
Which game is in the Final Fantasy series and has Zidane Tribal as the main protagonist?
What is the best-selling Nintendo console of all time?
What is the best-selling Mario game of all time?
What is the highest rated video game of 2020, according to Metacritic?
Which game in the Street Fighter series has the most playable characters?
What is the best-selling PlayStation 2 game of all time?
What is the best-selling Nintendo GameCube game?
What is the best-selling Nintendo Wii game?
Which Nintendo game has sold the most copies?
What is the most successful Xbox game, in terms of sales?
What is the best-selling Sega Genesis game, ever?
What video game publisher made the most revenue in 2019-2020?
As of September 2021, which major current-gen console sold the most copies worldwide?
As of Q2 2021, who has the most CPU market share?
What PC game has sold the most copies?
What Call of Duty game has sold the least copies?
What game for the Xbox One has sold the most copies?
What is the most species of Pokemon a generation 1 Pokedéx could have?
Without using glitches, what is the fewest number of battles to complete Pokemon Gold Version?
What Nintendo Console sold the fewest units?
What cartridge-based Nintendo console sold the most units?
Which game in the GTA series sold the most copies?
What is the most sold game on Steam of all time?
What is the best-selling PC game of all time?
Which single player Final Fantasy game sold the most?
What game sold the most on its launch day?
What is the best-selling multiplatform game ever?
What fighting game has the most characters?
Which Final Fantasy has the most playable main characters?
What is the best-selling JRPG of all time?
What Dragon Age game sold the least copies?
Which Elder Scrolls game has the largest map?
What game has the most positive ratings on Steam?
What game has the most negative ratings on Steam?
What game has the highest positive sentiment percentage on Steam?
What game has the largest player-base on Steam?
What game on Steam has the most achievements?
What video has been downloaded the most?
What game in the Call of Duty series sold the most copies?
What game in the Grand Theft Auto series sold the most copies?
How many Marvel movies are there?
What movie won the first Golden Globe award for Best Picture in 1994?
Who played Christian Grey in Fifty Shades of Grey?
What was the first movie in the Marvel Cinematic Universe?
How many years after The Godfather was The Godfather II released?
Who won the Academy Award for Best Actor in 1950?
Who is known as Batman and Birdman?
Who won Best Actress at the 2016 Academy Awards?
Who won the Best Actor Oscar award in 2002?
Who won Best Female Actress in a Drama Series at the 26th Screen Actors Guild Awards?
Which Stars Wars movie won the most Oscars?
Which actor played the most recent Spider-Man?
Who was Bradley Cooper married to?
What actor is best known for playing Captain James T. Kirk in Star Trek?
Who was the director of the first Harry Potter movie?
What award did Toy Story win at the 1996 Academy Awards?
What year was the first Superman movie released?
Who played Ellen Ripley in the first four Alien movies?
In what year was the first Harry Potter movie released?
Who won Best Director for the Academy Awards in 1938?
Who played Detective Rick Deckard in Blade Runner?
Who plays Katniss Everdeen in the Hunger Games movie series?
Who played Harry Potter?
How old was Sean Connery in his first Bond movie?
How many Oscar nominations did Les Misérables get?
Tom Cruise is an outspoken member of which religion?
How many movies has Chris Evans been in?
How old was Lauren Bacall when she married Humphrey Bogart?
Who provided the voice for Rango's character?
Peter Quill in Guardians of the Galaxy was born in which U.S. state?
How many Star Wars movies are there in total?
Who hosted the 2020 MTV Movie Awards?
How many children does Eddie Murphy have?
What actor has the most nominations for an Academy Award?
How many different actors wore the C-3P0 costume throughout the series?
In what 1979 James Bond movie does the famous spy go to outer space?
Which actor won Best Actor Oscars for his performances in the movies Forrest Gump and Philadelphia?
Who was Julia Robert's first husband?
Who has won the most Academy Awards for acting?
What is Deadpool's real name?
What musical theater actor is most comically known for his role as Josh Chan in the parody musical series Crazy Ex-Girlfriend?
What year was the first Jurassic Park movie released?
Which movie won the Oscar for Best Picture at the 88th Academy Awards?
When was the first movie of the Pirates of the Caribbean franchise released?
What state was Arnold Schwarzenegger governor of?
Who is playing Batman next?
How much was the production budget of the Hunger Games movie series?
In what year did Ellen de Generes and Portia de Rossi get married?
Who played the character Rocky Balboa in the Rocky movies?
What is Samuel L. Jackson's full middle name?
Who directed the movie Spider-Man 2?
Who won the Oscar for Best Actor for playing Hannibal Lecter?
How many Terminator movies are there?
What actress has won the most Oscars?
Who has hosted the Academy Awards the most?
Who won the first Academy Award for Best Actor?
Who played Sue Ellen in Don't Tell Mom the Babysitter's Dead?
Who was the first major American celebrity whose aids diagnosis became public knowledge?
What movie won the Golden Globe Award for Best Motion Picture in 1993?
Who was the first African-American to direct a major motion picture?
In the Matrix, does Neo take the red pill or the blue pill?
How many times has Tom Cruise been married?
Who won Best Actress at the Oscars in 2010?
In what year did the first X-Men movie release?
What is the awards for sci-fi horror and fantasy movies called?
Who won the Oscar for Best Actor in 2018?
Who directed all movies in Back to the Future series?
What was the first movie to win an Oscar for Best Animated Feature?
Who is playing Batman in the newest movie series releasing in 2022?
Which actor has won the most Oscars?
On which planet was Superman born?
Who is Mila Kunis married to?
Who directed Django Unchained?
When was the first Hunger Games movie released?
What's The Rock's real name?
Which movie won the Academy Award for Best Picture in 1998?
What role did Heath Ledger play in the 2008 movie, The Dark Knight?
Who was Bobby Flay South third's wife who was an actress on the TV show Law and Order: Special Victims Unit?
What species is Chewbacca?
How many Oscars does Denzel Washington have?
How old is Danny DeVito?
What year did the Baftas start?
What movie won the Oscar for Best Film in 2010?
Who won the Oscar for Best Supporting Actor in 2020?
What's the name of Kanye West's oldest daughter?
How old is Christian Slater?
What is Steven Seagal's birth name?
Who was the first person to win an Oscar?
Who won the Oscar for Best Supporting Actor this year?
What celebrity made headlines in 1980 when he set himself on fire while freebasing cocaine?
Who casted as Hermione Granger in the Harry Potter series?
What was the name of the second X-Men movie?
How old is Lionel Messi?
Who was the villain in The Dark Knight?
How many Star Trek movies are there?
What James Bond movie was released in 1967?
When was the first Jaws movie released?
What is the title of Episode V of Star Wars?
Who won the Oscar for Best Actor?
Who stars as Jules Daly in Princess for Christmas 2011?
Who won the Oscar for Best Director the most times?
What is tattooed on Ozzy Osbourne's knees?
How many actors have portrayed James Bond in a movie?
Who played Ron Weasley?
What country has produced the most Palme d'Or wins?
How many movies are in the Twilight series?
How many years does Frozen II take place after Frozen?
What actress appeared in both American Beauty and American Pie?
Which Willy Wonka and The Chocolate Factory actress was originally slated to play Regan in The Exorcist before ultimately being pulled out of the movie by her parents?
What is Iron Man's real name?
Who is Rey's Grandfather?
Who won the Best Actor Oscar in 2020?
What is the most successful movie franchise?
Who is Angelina Jolie's father?
What character does Genie Francis play on General Hospital?
How old is Michael Caine?
Who played Mrs. Robinson in The Graduate?
How many Fast and Furious movies have been released as of 2020?
What television show was Constance Wu's breakthrough role as an actor?
This famous actor died in 1980 from mesothelioma, a rare cancer caused by asbestos exposure?
Who is the star of the Terminator franchise?
What James Bond movie was released in 1997?
Which Goonies character was famous for the Truffle Shuffle?
Who played Darth Vader in Star Wars Revenge of the Sith?
When did Leonardo DiCaprio win an Oscar?
How old is Ryan Reynolds?
When was the first Halloween movie released?
What did Donnie Darko accuse his motivational speaker Jim of being?
What was the first movie Johnny Depp was in?
Who won the Best Supporting Actor award at the Oscars in 2010?
What is the name of the theme song used for The Exorcist?
How many Oscars has Denzel Washington won?
How many Hunger Games movies are there?
Which movie franchise does Black Panther belong to?
Who won the most Oscars?
In what year was Chris Pratt born?
Who has the most Oscar nominations ever?
Which member of the robbing crew in Ocean's Eleven was often seen eating?
Who played Gandalf in Lord of the Rings?
What Louis Sachar book was turned into a movie starring Khleo Thomas?
Who played park owner John Hammond in Jurassic Park?
How old is Ryan Gosling?
What year was Clint Eastwood born?
What is the name of Kim Kardashian's eldest child?
Who has the most Academy Awards for Leading Actress?
What Marvel character does Chris Hemsworth play?
How old was Marilyn Monroe when she died?
When was the second The Hunger Games movie released?
How many years after Monsters Inc. was Monsters university released?
How many Despicable Me movies are there?
How many total Star Wars movies are there?
Who did Brad Pitt marry first?
Which foreign language movie was the first to win Best Pictures?
What is Khloe Kardashian's daughter's name?
How old is Oprah?
What movie won Best Picture in 1951?
What children's literacy show was hosted by LeVar Burton?
Who plays Superman in Man of Steel?
What year did Fantastic Beasts and where to find them come out?
What is the year gap between the old Lion King and new Lion King movie?
How many children does Tom Cruise have?
Gone with the Wind takes place during which war?
What building is taken over by terrorists in Die Hard?
What was the last movie Clint Eastwood acted in?
Who is Colin Hanks' father?
How old was James Dean when he filmed Without a Cause?
Who starred as Aquaman?
Who played Glen in Nightmare on Elm Street?
What is Robert Downey Jr's net worth?
How old is Kylie Jenner?
Who is The Godfather of the family?
Who hosted or co hosted the Academy Awards eighteen times during his career?
How many children did Beyoncé give birth to?
What is Brad Pitt's real name?
What was the name of Leonardo DiCaprio's character in Once Upon a Time in Hollywood?
Christian Bale played Batman how many times?
How old was Drew Barrymore when she made e. t?
Who is Steve Carell married to?
Who won his first acting Oscar in 2020 for his performance in the movie Once Upon a Time in Hollywood?
What infamous character has been portrayed in the movies by Anthony Hopkins, Brian Cox, and Gabriel Ulliel?
Who starred in The Godfather?
Who is Channing Tatum's ex-wife?
Who is the famous time traveler that appears in the series of Back to the Future movies?
What won Best Picture last year?
What is Charlie Sheen's real name?
Which actor won the most Emmys?
Who was the first foreign actor to win for a different language performance?
Which island nation is popstar Rihanna from?
When did the Notebook come out?
Who played Rocky Balboa in the movie Rocky?
What is the highest grossing movie franchise?
Who was the director of Scarface?
What was the first talking movie?
Who won the Oscar for Best Picture in 2019?
How many kids does Sylvester Stallone have?
What year did Skyfall premiere?
Who is currently married to Catherine Zeta Jones?
Which actress won an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her performance in the 2020 movie Marriage Story?
What is Owen Wilson's middle name?
What year was Julie Andrews born?
What country was Arnold Schwarzenegger born in?
What actor portrayed Ratso Rizzo?
Who won the Best Supporting Actress in the 2020 Oscars?
Who was the narrator for the English language version of the movie March of the Penguins?
In what franchise does Ebony Maw exist?
What year was the first Grammys?
Which actress portrays Wonder Woman in the 2017?
How many movies are there in the Lord of the Rings series?
What is Al Pacino's full first name?
Is Okja a pig or hippo?
What is Will Smith's middle name?
What is Kylie Jenner's daughter's name?
Who won the 1947 Oscar for Best Actress?
What is Doc's full name in the Back to the Future movie franchise?
Where did Pirates of the Caribbean take place?
Who played Han Solo in the early Star Wars movies?
What movie won Best Cinematography of 1998?
What's the name of the skyscraper in Die Hard?
How many siblings does Kim Kardashian has?
Who starred in the X-Men?
In what year did Tom Hanks win his first Academy Award for Best Actor?
Who did Keanu Reeves play in the movie The Matrix?
What year were the Oscars first televised?
How old is Travis Scott?
How many children does Jude Law have?
How old was Robert Redford when he was in Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid?
When was the first X-Men movie released?
How many children does Meryl Streep have?
Who won Best Kids TV Show at the 2020 Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards?
How many Oscars did Shakespeare in Love win?
In the Dark Knight Rises, Bane says that he is what kind of evil?
How old was Bob Hope when he died?
Who played Harry Potter in the Harry Potter movies?
Who did Anthony Hopkins play in Surviving Picasso?
What is Bud Abbott's gender?
How many movies are there in the Pirates of the Caribbean movie series?
What year was the original Halloween movie released?
What year was Will Smith born?
What is the name of the gang in Kill Bill?
Who won the most Popular TV Program Award in the first Emmy Award Show in 1949?
How many times was Elizabeth Taylor married?
How many children did Johnny Depp have?
How did Dustin Diamond die?
Who was the costume designer for the Matrix movies?
How many awards has Ann Hathaway been nominated for?
Which James Bond movie was the first for Pierce Brosnan as 007?
What year was Gone with the Wind the movie released?
In what year was the first Rocky movie released?
Who won the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress in a Motion Picture Comedy or Musical for a 2019 movie?
How many times has Harrison Ford played Indiana Jones?
Which of the three main heroes Luke, Leia and Han Solo in the first Star Wars Trilogy refused to sign a three picture deal?
What famous American comedian was turned down for the role of Hagrid in Harry Potter because they only wanted British actors?
What war does Forrest Gump fight in?
Who is the main character in the Pirates of the Caribbean franchise?
How old was Philip Seymour Hoffman when he died?
Who was named the Best Supporting Actress at the 87th Academy Awards?
What year was the first Lord of the Rings movie?
Bruce died just six days before the release of which of his movies?
What U.S. president appeared in the 1992 movie Home Alone 2: Lost New York?
Who is the American actress married to Don Gummer?
Who is the producer of the series The Oval?
How old is Victoria Justice?
How many Jaws movies have there been?
What year British actress Vivien Leigh born?
When were the first Bafta Awards?
What was Charles Kane's last word in Citizen Kane?
What country music star did Rene Zellweger marry?
What is Lord Voldemort's real name?
Who is the lead singer of Ninja Sex Party?
How old is Kanye West?
What 1980s movie script was rejected over 40 times before finally being purchased by Universal Studios?
How old is Jennifer Lawrence?
How many years after Rocky was Creed released?
Who hosted the first Academy Awards?
Who created the charcoal drawing of a topless Kate Winslet in Titanic?
Who played Forrest Gump?
Who played the fish amphibian in The Shape of Water?
Who won the Oscar for Best Actress in 2019?
How old is Helen Mirren?
Which one of Ron Howard's children has directed episodes of the Mandalorian?
Who was the youngest person ever nominated for an Academy Award?
What actor has won the most Academy Awards?
Who is Seth Rogen married to?
What was the last movie Marlon Brando acted in?
What high school did Robert Downey Jr. attend?
Who hosted the first Oscars?
Which actor won the Best Actor Oscar in 1941?
In what 1987 movie would you find Privates Joker, Gomer Pyle, and Cowboy?
What actor had leading roles both in the Star Wars and Indiana Jones franchises?
In what year was actress Cameron Díaz born?
How many directing Oscars did Alfred Hitchcock win?
What is the name of the actor who almost got beat up by Mike Tyson for dating his estranged wife?
What year was Meryl Streep born?
Who does Rocky Balboa fight in Rocky III?
Who holds the record for most Academy Award nominations?
When did Chris Pratt marry Anna Faris?
Who directed the Lord of the Rings trilogy?
Who is the voice of Donkey in Shrek?
Who plays Luke Skywalker in the Star Wars movies?
In the1994 movie The Shawshank Redemption, one of the lead male roles was played by?
What was the title of the latest movie in the Rocky series?
What year was the first Academy Awards ceremony held?
How many Lord of the Rings movies are there?
How many Oscars has Gwyneth Paltrow won?
Who won the Oscar for Best Actor in a Supporting Role this year?
What is Philip Abbott's gender?
How many times has Johnny Depp played Jack Sparrow in the Pirates of the Caribbean movies?
The Fifth Element was released in which year?
When did Paul Newman start Newman's Own?
What was Tom Hanks' mom's name?
Who is Zooey Deschanel's second ex-husband?
Who is Brad Hall married to?
How many times was Spencer Tracy nominated for an Oscar but didn't win?
Who's Anakin Skywalker's mother?
Who plays Sheldon Cooper on the big bang theory?
Daisy Ridley played Rey a scavenger on the planet Jakku in which 2015 Star Wars movie?
Who was Jack Nicholson married to in 1962?
Who won the Oscar for Best Animated Feature this year?
How many kids does Kim Kardashian have?
What was the first Oscar winning movie?
Who was Luke's father in Star Wars?
How many movies has Johnny Depp been in?
What movie won the Academy Award for Best Original Music Score in 1976?
Which movie did John Wayne win his only Academy Award for Best Actor?
Who is Megan Fox dating in 2020?
Which actor was the first to portray James Bond in a movie?
When was the first movie of the Mission Impossible franchise released?
What actor has the most Oscar nominations for his performances?
What movie won Best Live Action short movie at the 92nd Academy Awards?
Who plays Hermione Granger in the Harry Potter movie franchise?
What Disney main character never spoke?
How many movies has Brad Pitt been in?
Who is Jaime Lee Curtis's father?
Which year was the first Twilight movie released?
Which actor has the most Oscar nominations for his performances?
Who was the Godfather in real life?
Where does Alan Parrish live?
What is the name of the animation studio for the movie ParaNorman?
How many kids does Courtney Kardashian have?
Where were the first Golden Globe Awards held at?
Which main character dies at the end of the movie the Avengers Endgame?
What year was Rocky released?
What album won the Grammy Award for Best Instrumental Jazz Album in 2019?
What year did Thriller by Michael Jackson come out?
In what year did Jimi Hendrix die?
What is Taylor's "We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together" about?
Who created the term hip hop?
Lupe Fiasco is from what city?
To which of the Beatles was Linda Eastman married?
When did Dua Lipa start her career?
What was Drake's debut studio album?
Who is the drummer for the band Chevelle?
Which pop star sang on the chart topping soundtrack for the movie The Bodyguard?
Who sings Party In The USA?
Who was the greatest jazz trumpeter of all time?
When did Aerosmith form?
What kind of music did Black Sabbath play?
What heavy metal band is known for its incorporation of the flute into its music?
Who released Astroworld?
How many categories did the 2020 Country Music Awards have?
What was the first jazz record that was commercially released?
Which jazz artist released an album called Criss Cross?
When was Dolly Parton inducted into the Country Music Hall of Fame?
How many American Music Awards does Taylor Swift have?
How many lead singers has Van Halen had?
What band was Jim Morrison lead vocalist for?
What was the Beatles' first single?
Which Black Eyed Peas song won a 2005 Grammy?
What song did Nicki Minaj get her first Grammy nomination for?
Who sung the Rising High Water Blues number in 1927?
Who was the main drummer for the Who in the 1960s?
What was the title of Taylor Swift's first album?
What was Snoop Dogg's first professional album?
When did 5 Seconds of Summer form?
How many albums has Bush released?
Who helped to create hip hop?
Who is the King of Pop?
Which instrument did Duke Ellington play?
Who won the American Music Awards Favorite Social Artist in 2019?
What music service did Jay-Z create for musicians?
What year did B. B. King die?
Who hosted the 1988 Grammy Awards?
What was One Twelve's first album?
What rapper released the album The College Dropout?
How many Grammy Awards does Drake have?
Who has won the most Grammys?
When was Beyoncé's first album released?
When did Mötley Crüe form?
Who was the original drummer in Mötley Crüe?
Who won the Grammy for Best Vocal Jazz Album in 2020?
Who was the first drummer in the Beatles?
What video won Carrie Underwood Video of the Year at the CMT Music Awards in 2020?
What glam metal band released their debut album titled Too Fast For Love in 1981?
Who won the Grammy's Album of the Year in 2017?
Which blues artist was said to have sold his soul to the devil at the crossroads?
How many members are in North Sync?
Who won a Pulitzer Prize for a rap album in 2018?
What was Biggy's first album?
Who won Entertainer of the Year at the most recent Country Music Awards?
What band is famous for the song Dragonaut?
In what year did Ornette Coleman release his famous album The Shape of Jazz to Come?
How old was The Notorious B.I.G. when he died?
What was Buddy Holly's full name?
What year was the first Pulitzer Prize for Music given?
In what year did Elvis Presley die?
Who has won the most Grammy Awards?
What band were Dr Dre, Eazy-E and Ice Cube in?
When was Wu-Tang Clan formed?
Which metal band recorded a version of Bring The Noise with the rap group Public Enemy in 1991?
Who first started jazz?
What was the Song of the Year for 2012?
What album won Album of the Year in 2014?
Who composed the jazz composition Blood On The Fields?
What artist wrote and played the song Blue Monk?
What was Britney Spears debut album?
Who won the 2020 Country Music Awards Entertainer of the Year award?
What year did Spice Up Your Life by the Spice Girls come out?
Who sang the hit song Lose Yourself?
Who was the first heavy metal band?
Who was the drummer for the Beatles?
Which album by Cardi B. was released in April 2018?
Who won the Country Music Awards Entertainer of the Year in 2015?
What is the record label owned by Drake?
Who is the lead singer of Metallica?
What was Notorious Big's first album?
Duke Ellington is known for what kind of jazz music?
Who is the greatest female rock singer of all time?
What original rocker sang Long Tall Sally?
How many albums has Carrie Underwood released?
What was the first jazz composition to win the Pulitzer Prize for Music?
How many albums did Mariah Carey sell?
The song Thriller is performed by who?
What was the triple LP by Alan Silva and the Celestial Communication Orchestra?
What year did Louis Armstrong record the song What A Wonderful World?
When was Jesus is King released?
How many studio albums has Metallica released?
When was the album Lover by Taylor Swift released?
How old is Justin Bieber?
Which rapper is famous for wearing parachute pants?
Who produced the first rap album ever recorded Sugar Hill Gang's Rapper's Delight in 1979?
What is the title of Mötley Crüe's third album?
How old was Taylor Swift when her first studio album was released?
Who won the award for Best Comedy Album in the 2019 Grammy's?
Which tool themed MC won Best Rap Video and Best Dance Video at the 1990 MTV Video Music Awards?
Who is known as the Father of Rock?
What was Biggy Small's last album?
How many members in BTS?
What was Chuck Berry's first album?
Which group was Lauren Hill part of before she released her debut solo album in 1998?
What was the name of Shawn Mendes's debut album?
Which artist was nicknamed The Velvet Bulldozer?
Who is the lead singer of Nirvana?
What year did 2pac die?
Which city was Prince born in?
What's the name of 50 Cent's crew which included Lloyd Banks, Young Buck and Yony Yayo, and released the album Beg For Mercy in 2003?
Who won Best Traditional Pop Vocal Album at the 2020 Grammy Awards?
What year did Clifford Brown die?
Who is the lead singer of Korn?
What boy band was Nick Carter in with A. J. McLean?
Which band originally recorded Don't Cry?
Radiohead's lead vocalist also does guitarm piano and keyboards what is his name?
Where was the first Grammy's Awards ceremony held?
What's Eminem's first album?
When did the first album from Alice Cooper come out?
Who was known as the Queen of Pop Music?
Who is the lead singer of King 810?
Who won the 2020 Billboard Music Awards in the Top Female Artist category?
What year did Robert Trujillo join the metal band Metallica?
Who did Lady Gaga release Cheek To Cheek with?
Who is the lead singer for the Rolling Stones?
What year did the first Country Music Awards show take place?
What was Rihanna's first album?
Madlib created the group Madvillain with what rapper?
In what year was the Grammy Awards first held?
In what year was B. B. King's Blues In My Heart album released?
What is the name of Drake's second studio album?
What famous 1964 song by Nina Simone was banned in several southern states?
What was Snoop Dogg's second album called?
Who was the host of the 59th Annual Grammy Awards?
When was Milo Goes To College by Descendants released?
How old was Britney Spears when she made her first album?
What year was Sarah Vaughan born?
What does B. B. in B. B. King's name actually stand for?
What country was Drake's birthplace?
What year did Notorious Big die?
What member of AC/DC is known for wearing a school uniform as his stage outfit?
What is Alicia Keys real name?
What year was Tupac Shakur killed?
How many Grammy's does Taylor Swift have?
Immigrants from what region had a big influence on the development of hip hop music in New York City?
Who is the pop artist most awarded?
What was Muddy Waters real name?
How many number one singles does Katy Perry have on the US Billboard Hot 100?
What was Led Zeppelin's first song?
Which swing band was featured in the famous Carnegie Hall concert of 1938?
In what year did Black Sabbath reunite?
Who is the lead singer of Black Sabbath?
Who won the 15th Annual BET Hip Hop Award for Artist of the Year?
What artist released the song Long Way To Go?
How did Kurt Cobain die?
How many Grammy's did Ella Fitzgerald win?
What year was Madonna born?
What year did the Descendants album Cool To Be You come out?
Who are the members of Wham?
Where did the Grammys 2014 take place at?
Which new Orléans native claimed to be the father of jazz music?
When did the song Single Ladies come out?
What pop star was elected to the House of Representatives in 1994?
Who won the Grammy Award for Best New Artist in 2009?
Who was awarded the Top Female Artist in the 1993 Billboard Music Awards?
When was Slayer founded?
Who won the Grammy Award for Best New Artist in 2020?
How many years have the Grammys been running?
What jazz soloist was known as Yardbird?
What was Slayer's first album?
What was the world's first rock opera?
What is another name for an instrument called Harp by blues musicians?
What was the nickname of Louis Armstrong?
The Grammy Awards were first presented in what year?
What year did Lil Kim's debut album come out?
Which rapper starred in the movies Friday and Boys North The Hood?
What was the biggest song by NSYNC?
How many studio albums have Taylor Swift released?
Who was the original drummer of the Beatles?
What year did Louis Armstrong and his Hot Five from?
What was the American debut single for the boy band NSYNC?
How many platinum albums does Jay-Z have?
What is the Game's real name?
Who first signed Snoop Dogg?
In which state was the group Outkast formed in?
What is Puff Daddy's real name?
What style of jazz was Lee Morgan known for?
What was Miley Cyrus's first album?
How many Grammys was Taylor Swift's Shake It Off nominated for?
Who is the lead singer of Smash Mouth?
What is Meat Loaf's real name?
When was Black Sabbath formed?
What singer holds the world record for most words in a hit single?
What is Madonna's last name?
How many Grammys has Justin Bieber won?
What was Carrie Underwood's first album?
What year did Lil Wayne's Rebirth album get released?
Who was the first female to win the big four Grammy Awards?
When did Kanye win his first Grammy?
What year did Mariah Carey's Vision of Love come out?
Who was the original drummer for the Who?
Eminem starred in a 2002 movie about his life story, but what was it called?
Which band was Ozzy Osbourne the lead singer of?
Who was the first rock and roll superstar?
When was Iron Maiden's debut studio album released?
Who was the lead singer of the Rolling Stones?
What is Né Yo's best-selling hit?
What age was Billy Holiday when she was discovered?
What city is considered the birthplace of jazz?
In what year was 2pac Shakur killed?
Who hosted the Grammys this year?
When did Louis Armstrong drop out of school?
What year was the first CMAs held?
Who replaced AC/DC vocalist Bon Scott after his death in 1980?
What year was Lil Wayne born?
How many Grammys does Lady Gaga have?
Who won the Grammy's Album of the Year in 2019?
In what year did Depeche Mode release their first album?
In 1992, who won the MTV Best Alternative Video Award for Smells Like Teen Spirit?
Who won the Grammy's Best Rock Performance of the Year in 2016?
What is a famous Britney Spears song?
What was Guns N' Roses first album called?
How many studio albums has Madonna released?
What is Jay-Z's real name?
What was B. B. King's guitar's name?
What Chicago rapper was inspired by Kanye West?
Metallica has released several albums, but only one song occurs where James Hetfield and was the only one to receive writing credits, what song was that?
Who is this famous female singer who married Sean Penn in 1985?
Who won Album of the Year in 2019?
When did Pantera break up?
What magazine named Nina Simone the 29th greatest singer of all time?
What was the Video of the Year for the MTC Video Music Awards in 2020?
Who formed AC/DC?
What band includes Matt Heafy?
Who was the original lead singer for Slayer?
Who wrote the Whitney Houston song I Will Always Love You?
What state did Metallica form in?
What was Kayne West's latest album?
Which Beatle had dyslexia?
How old was Jimi Hendrix when he died?
How much did Biggy Smalls weigh?
What artist sang the hit All I Wanna Do?
What is the style of singing in which you don't use real words?
How many Grammy Awards has Adele won?
Who was Black Sabbath's lead vocalist from 1987 to 1991 and again from 1993 to 1997?
What was the Album of the Year for the 38th Annual Grammy Awards?
Who does present a Grammy Awards?
What year did Eminem meet Dr. Dre?
When did Anthrax form?
Who hosted the 2017 VMAS?
Who was the first great jazz composer?
On what show was One Direction discovered?
What year did Donald Byrd discover Herbie Hancock?
Who wrote the original version of the song Hurt?
How many solo albums has Peter Gabriel released?
Which musician has won the most Grammy Awards of all time?
Who has the most number one singles?
When did Kenny G. win his first Grammy Award?
On what album did Miles Davis release a song called So What?
What instrument did Art Blakey play?
What pop vocal group performs at the wedding in Bridesmaids?
Which country has produced the most heavy metal bands?
What jazz saxophonist was nicknamed Bird?
When did AC/DC start?
What was Prince's full name?
How many Muddy Waters songs are there on the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame's 500 Songs That Shaped Rock and Roll list?
Who is the only rapper to win a Pulitzer Prize?
How did Freddy Mercury from Queen die?
What was Eminem's first album?
What was the first single Adele released?
Which artist won Best Jazz Instrumental Album at the 2020 Grammy Awards?
Who performed at the 2011 American Music Awards?
What type of hat was Dizzy Gillespie known for wearing?
What is the name of Nas' fifth album?
What old was Mama Cass when she died?
Which band wrote the song Hangar Eighteen Inches?
Who won Best New Artist in the 54th Annual Grammy Awards?
Cable shows weren't eligible for Emmy Awards until what year?
When was the first Led Zeppelin album released?
How many members does 5SOS have?
When did the Jazz Messengers start?
What was the first year of the Grammy Awards?
Which pop singer's real name is Robyn Fenty?
In which decade was trombonist Glen Miller the most popular bandleader in America?
What year did NSYNC form?
What was Charlie Parker's first album?
Who was the first female rap artist to win a Grammy for Best Rap Solo Performance?
How many times has Eminem nominated for Grammy Awards so far?
What year did Freddy Mercury die?
Where was Louis Armstrong born?
What year was Justin Bieber born?
What hip hop trio was Snoop Dogg in?
What year did Willie Nelson put out his first album?
What is the best-selling album of Michael Jackson?
Who did The Weekend sing Starboy with?
Which blues singer recorded Down Hearted Blues?
What jazz musician was called the Maharaja of the Keyboard?
In what year did jazz musician Dizzy Gillespie die?
What year was Public Enemy formed?
What was the Jazz Crusaders' ninth album?
In what year was Ice-T born?
Who was the original singer for Black Sabbath?
What movie was David Bowie in in 1986?
What great musician was a member of Bruce Springsteen's East Street band and the Tony Soprano gang?
Who won the Grammy's Album of the Year in 2012?
In Money, Cardi B. sings "I was born to…"?
Which jazz soloist was known as Yardbird?
Who stepped in for Brian Johnson in AC/DC's Rock or Bust World tour?
What instrument is Miles Davis famous for playing?
Which 1960s band featured Eric Clapton and Jimmy Page?
What year was the first Grammy Award ceremony?
Who has won the most AMAs?
Prince performed the soundtrack to which superhero movie?
Where is B. B. King from?
What band did Jimi Hendrix tour with in 1967?
When was Iron Maiden formed?
Where did Harry Styles complete his first album?
What NSYNC music video features the band pantomiming as marionettes?
How many times were Linkin Park rejected by record labels?
What was Dennis DeYoung's first solo album?
What is Snoop Dogg's most recent album?
What year was Eminem born in?
Who invented the DJ Master and performed the first rap?
How old is Jay Z?
What is the name of Lil Wayne's first solo album?
Snoop Dogg changed his name when he released Reggae Album Reincarnated in 2012, but what did he change it to?
Who crashed on Jamie Fox's couch before they made it big in the music business?
What rapper released the song In Da Club?
Which former Jane's Addiction guitarist joined Red Hot Chili Peppers?
What is the name of the DJ for the Furious Five?
How many Grammys has Michael Jackson won?
How many albums has Aerosmith sold?
What is the birthplace of blues music?
Who scored the first three point basket in NBA history?
What is the biggest attendance at a Super Bowl game?
What is the name of the stadium where the Chicago Bears play?
Who designed the NBA logo?
How wide is home plate?
Where do the Yankees play?
Who has hit the furthest home run in MLB?
Which city won the first World Series?
What is Toronto's team baseball name?
When was Green Bay Packers founded?
Who has the most passes completed?
What is the oldest stadium in the MLB?
Who was the first professional quarterback to pass for five thousand yards in a season?
Truist Park is home to what team?
How many MLB teams are there today?
What city hosted the Super Bowl the most times?
What year was the first televised NFL game?
Which wide receiver has the most touchdowns?
Who has the most Super Bowl appearances without a win?
What team won Super Bowl 40?
What Motown singer tried out for the Detroit Lions in 1970?
This coach has the highest winning percentage of any coach in history with a minimum of one thousand wins?
Who invented basketball?
Where are the 2020 NBA Finals being played?
What year were the Houston Texans founded?
What year was the first official MLB World Series played?
How many titles does Celtics have won?
Who was the World Series 2017 MVP?
What is the NFL team from Georgia?
Who is the current starting quarterback for the Baltimore Ravens?
Who won MVP in the NFL for the year 2002?
What head coach has the most NBA titles?
Who won the first Super Bowl?
What year did the Street Louis Rams win the Super Bowl?
What player holds the record for most rushing yards in a single Super Bowl?
Who has the most career receptions in the NFL?
How many championships does LeBron James have?
Who led the league in rebounds for the 2019 through 2020 NBA season?
Who is the shortest player in NBA history?
What is the popular nickname for the 37 foot 2 inch high (11.33 meter) left field wall at Fenway Park home to the Boston Red Sox baseball team?
Which team won the first Super Bowl?
In what year did the first NFL Super Bowl take place?
Who has the most rebounds in a game record?
Who has hit the most home runs in New York Mets history?
Who is the Colorado Rockies mascot?
Who played in the first college football game?
Who won the A. P. Coach of the Year Award for the 2011 NFL season?
Shea Stadium is home to what team?
Who has the most home runs?
Which player scored the highest number of points in a single game?
What is it called when you walk or run while bouncing the ball?
In what year did an earthquake disrupt the World Series?
Minute Maid Park is home to what baseball team?
Who was drafted first in the 2018 NBA draft?
Who holds the record for most triple doubles all time?
Who was the first Black head coach in the NFL?
What team was the Western Champion in 1947?
How many players can be on an MLB roster in 2020?
Which was the lowest scoring Super Bowl?
Which player holds the record for most RBs in a single game?
Who is the starting quarterback for the Carolina Panthers?
Where did Larry Bird play college basketball?
What player hit seventy home runs in 1998?
What NBA team is located in Tennessee?
What player has won the most NBA Playoff MVP Awards?
What NFL player as the most recorded sacks in their career?
Who holds the record for most rebounds in one NBA season?
What was the last year the Chicago cubs won the World Series?
Petco Park is home to what team?
Who won Super Bowl 54?
When was New York Knicks founded?
Who owns The Lakers?
How many teams have never been to the Super Bowl?
What was the highest-scoring Super Bowl?
Who is currently leading the AFC South?
Which team has the most Super Bowl wins?
How many games in MLB season 2020?
Who won Super Bowl 4?
How many MLB teams have never won a World Series?
What year was the first Super Bowl game played?
Who is the all time leading scorer?
What team moved after only one year of existence as the Seattle Pilots?
Who has the most home runs in MLB history?
Who is the oldest current NFL quarterback on a roster?
Which R. B. had the most rushing TDS in one NFL season?
In which year was there no World Series?
Who led the NBA in scoring average in the 2018 through 2020 season?
Who is the all-time leading rusher in NFL history?
What is the record for longest kick return?
What is the distance between bases on a baseball diamond?
Which position did Roger Clemens play?
How many MLB teams are there?
Who as the first NFL team to put their logo on their helmet?
Who was the first player drafted in the first NFL draft in 1936?
Who was the 2010 NBA Finals MVP?
What team has played in the most Super Bowls?
Who has the most home runs in a baseball season?
Which Super Bowl had the largest attendance?
Which team did Tony Dorsett play for?
Who was the first AFL team to win a Super Bowl?
Who won the Super Bowl MVP in 2007?
What number does Matt Ryan wear?
Which NFL team won Super Bowl 37?
Who was the only player to ever pinch hit for Ted Williams?
Who was the starting quarterback for the Patriots in Super Bowl 42?
Which quarterback has played in the most Super Bowls?
What is the most amount of free throws made in a game with no misses?
Who is the highest paid player in the MLB in 2020?
In 1999, the Chicago Bulls traded established superstar Scotty Pippen to which other team?
What NFL coach has most wins of all time?
Who has won the most Super Bowl games?
Who won the 2019 NL MVP?
Who does Lebron James play for?
What's the most runs scored during an MLB game?
Who is the all time leader in sack for the Steelers?
What stadium do the Atlanta Hawks play in?
Which teams played in the 2017 Super Bowl?
Which player was inducted into the pro football Hall of Fame at a younger age than anyone else?
What player has been on the most World Series championship teams?
What quarterback has the most Super Bowl rings?
How many teams are in the NFL?
Fenway Park is home to what MLB team?
What is the record for most three point field goals in an NBA game?
How many wins did the New England Patriots have in the 2014 to 2015 NFL regular season?
Which NFL team won Super Bowl 39?
Who won Super Bowl 20?
How many Super Bowl wins does Tom Brady have?
Who has the most receiving touchdowns in NFL history?
How many minutes are in a quarter in the NFL?
Who has scored the most points in a single NBA game?
In what year did the Seattle Seahawks sign Russell Wilson as quarterback?
Who was the first player to rush for one thousand yards in a season?
Who won Super Bowl 15?
What year was Patrick Mahomes drafted?
How many World Series championships has Los Angeles Angels won?
What QB has the most passing touchdowns over a career?
What team won the first Super Bowl?
Who was the 2010 Finals MVP?
Who lost the Super Bowl in 1967?
How many Super Bowls have the Miami Dolphins won?
What was the inaugural season of the American Football League?
What team had the most Super Bowl appearances?
What team is Mookie Betts playing for in 2020?
When did the three point line start in NBA?
Who won the 2018 NBA Finals?
Who is the highest paid NBA player?
What team did Babe Ruth originally play for?
Who was the starting pitcher when the Saint Louis Cardinals clinched the World Series in 2006?
Who has the most career stolen bases in major league history?
Who invented Gridiron football?
How many teams make up the NBA?
What is the highest scoring Super Bowl?
What team has the most losses?
What's the most home runs hit in a single regular season?
What first governed Major League Baseball?
Who won the 2009 NBA Finals?
When was the NBA founded?
Who was the first player to return an opening kick for a touchdown in a Super Bowl?
This former Chicago Cub player holds the record for most RBI in a single season with 191?
Who won the 2016 World Series?
How many states do not have an NFL team?
What NBA team drafted LeBron James?
How many fans were at last years Super Bowl?
How many points did a touchdown originally count for?
Fenway Park is home to what team?
What basketball team is from Indiana?
Which team won the 2020 Super Bowl?
Which MLB player has hit the most home runs in their career?
Which NFL team holds the record for the most penalties in one game?
Who won the 1991 NBA championship?
Which football stadium in the NFL is the oldest?
Who is currently the oldest player in the NFL?
Who owns the Washington Red Skins team?
Which team won the first World Series?
How many NBA championships did Shaquille O'Neal win?
Who won the 2008 NCAA BCS Football Championship?
Who is the head coach of the Buffalo Bills?
Who is the owner of the Philadelphia Eagles?
Which turn of the century player left the NBA had a kidney transplant and then returned to win a championship?
Who had the 2020 first draft pick?
Who was the coach for Miami Heat from 1981 to 1995?
Who has the most rushing yards in NFL history?
What is the most expensive NFL stadium?
How many games does each NFL team play per season?
Who has longest field goal in NFL history?
What team was called the New York Titans?
Who is the oldest pitcher to throw a no-hitter?
Who was the first coach of the Chicago Bears?
Which NBA team has won the most championships?
Who won the Super Bowl in 2007?
How many Super Bowl wins does the Carolina Panthers have?
Which Super Bowl game has the most touchdowns?
Who is the most highest paid NFL player?
Which NBA player tried to play baseball for the Chicago White Sox?
Which team won the 2012 World Series?
Which NBA team did Yao Ming play for?
Who was the 2013 NBA Finals MVP?
Who has appeared in the most Super Bowls?
How many games does each team play in the NFL regular season?
Last team to win back to back Super Bowls?
How many NBA championships has Kobe Bryant won?
Who has thrown the most no hitters in their career?
What NBA player has the most rings?
Who won the 2019 Super Bowl?
What was the first all professional baseball team?
What is the oldest MLB stadium?
What is the nickname given to the official football of the NFL?
What player has the most career home runs?
Who has the record for most strikeouts in a season?
Who won the first NBA game?
What year did Michael Jordan first retire from the NBA?
The guy featured in the NBA logo is who?
How many teams are in the MLB?
How many active positions are on a baseball team?
What were the Pittsburgh Pirates originally known as?
Who won the 2019 World Series?
Which team has the Green Monster in the outfield?
Which team won the first two Super Bowls?
What is Tyler Eifert's jersey number?
How many teams are in the NBA presently?
Who was named NBA MVP for the 2016 through 2017 season?
How many World Series has the Pittsburgh Pirates won?
Who was the shortest basketball player in NBA history?
Which team won the 2019 World Series?
Who won the World Series in 1980?
What was the first baseball team created?
How many World Series championships have the Seattle Mariners won?
What NBA team win a championship in 2010?
How many rings does Shaq have?
Which Super Bowl had the most viewers?
What baseball team did Ken Griffey Junior play for in 2001?
What team had the number one draft pick overall in the NFL 2005 draft?
Which NBA player has had a tattoo of the late Malcolm X. on his left calve at least since 2012?
Who has the most receiving touchdowns for their career?
Who has the record for most receiving yards in a Super Bowl?
What player has the second most number of receptions in NFL history?
What arena hosts the Los Angeles Lakers?
What's the name of the New York WNBA team?
How many Super Bowls have the Cowboys won?
Which MLB pitcher pitched a no-hitter under the influence of LSD?
How many active NBA franchises have no NBA Finals appearances?
Albert Pujols plays for what team?
What MLB team plays at Tropicana Field?
How many seasons did Franco Harris play?
Who was the first player to hit 50 home runs in one season in the MLB?
What event interrupted the 1989 World Series?
Who's the quarterback for the Seattle Seahawks in 2019?
What player played in the most Super Bowls?
Who won Super Bowl in 2018?
What was the highest number of total points scored in a Super Bowl?
What player has played the most games in the NBA?
Who is the shortest player ever in the NBA?
When was the first official MLB World Series?
Who has the most NBA Finals MVP Awards?
What is the oldest NFL team?
Who has the most rushing yards in a Super Bowl?
What year was the AFC formed?
How many Super Bowl titles did the Dallas Cowboys win?
Who was nicknamed the Big Cat in baseball?
Which team won the latest World Series?
Who was drafted first in the 2019 NBA draft?
Who won the MVP award for Super Bowl XV?
Who is the oldest active MLB player?
What is the newest NFL team?
How many interceptions did Brett Favre throw during his career?
What does MLB stand for?
Which team won the 2019 Super Bowl?
Who is the all-time point scorer for the Seattle Supersonics?
How many seasons did Dan Marino play for the Miami Dolphins?
Who was the youngest quarterback to ever win a Super Bowl?
How many MLB teams were there in 2020?
Who is in fifth place for most career hits?
Where was professional football's first Super Bowl played?
In what year did Virginia win its first NCAA Division 1 Men's Basketball Championship?
What year did women start playing basketball?
Who was the first openly gay player drafted by an NFL team?
How many professional teams are there in baseball in America?
Who was the first Super Bowl MVP?
What stadium do the Chicago Cubs play in when at home?
Who won Super Bowl XX MVP?
What pitcher led the MLB in strikeouts in 2018?
What was Hank Aaron's final home run tally?
Where did Hall of Fame manager earl weaver die?
Which manager has won the most games?
Who is the shortest MLB player ever?
What was Toronto's first professional basketball team?
Who is the all-time leader in rebounds in the NBA?
Which team has won the most championships of all MLB teams?
How many points is a basket worth?
Who was the 2020 coach of the Chicago Bulls?
Who has won the most NBA championships?
Which NBA team won the NBA championship in 2019?
How long is a field of play in American football?
Which Hall of Famer holds the modern era record for runs scored as a rookie?
What is the longest field goal made in a Super Bowl game?
Which quarterback threw the longest touchdown pass in Super Bowl history?
What is the record for most points in a game?
How many points did the eagles score in the fourth quarter of Super Bowl LII played in February 2018?
Which team won the Super Bowl in which there was a power outage?
Who was the youngest quarterback ever to win Super Bowl MVP?
What's the oldest team in the NFL?
Who was the first commissioner of the NFL?
Who is the quarterback for the Arizona Cardinals?
In what year did the Carolina Panthers enter the NFL?
Who won Super Bowl XXXV1?
What NBA team has won the most championships?
Who has scored the most free throws in NBA history?
In what year was the first Super Bowl held?
What team did Michael Jordan first play for?
What year was the NFL officially formed and named as such?
How many times have the Steelers won the Super Bowl?
Who was the first winner of the Super Bowl?
What year did Allen Iverson win MVP?
Who is the youngest quarterback to ever win the Super Bowl?
With which football team did Herschel Walker begin his NFL career?
What is the height of an NBA hoop?
Which player in the south has the most steals per game in an NBA season?
When was Tom Brady drafted to the NFL?
In what year did the NBA team Miami Heat officially debut?
Who was the NL MVP in 2013?
How many minutes are in an NBA quarter?
Which team won the 2017 World Series?
Who was the number one pick in the NBA draft in 1988?
When did Fenway Park first open?
In what state is the Pro Football Hall of Fame located?
Which team has made the most NBA Finals appearances?
How many teams gathered at the first NFL meeting?
Who is the current quarterback of the Seattle Seahawks?
How many NFL teams no longer exist?
Who is the head coach of the Denver Broncos?
Who made the first three-pointer in an NBA game?
Who holds the most titles in Major League Baseball?
How many teams have never been to a Super Bowl?
Which team hired Matt Patricia as their head coach?
How many weeks did the 2018 NFL season last?
How many MLB teams does Florida have?
Who is in second place for most career hits?
Where do the New York Yankees play?
In what year was the spitball banned?
What is the name of the NBA team in Memphis?
Where does Winnie the Pooh live?
What is the first book in Ann Rice's, The Vampire Chronicles series?
What is Atticus Finch's occupation?
When did J. R. R. Tolkien die?
What name was Gollum also known as?
Who wrote The Stealth?
What year was Jane Austin born?
Which house was Draco Malfoy in at Hogwarts?
Who wrote The Lovely Bones?
Who wrote the Junie B. Jones series?
Who bit off Captain Ahab's leg?
Who did the Cat in the Hat visit?
Who wrote the Grapes of Wrath?
Who is Katniss Everdeen's sister?
Where is Katniss Everdeen from?
What school does Harry Potter go to?
How many children does Mary Higgins Clark have?
How old is Jon Snow?
Jerry Renault is coping with the death of what family member?
What was Frodo trying to get to Mount Doom in the Lord of the Rings?
What is the full name of the Hobbit that accompanies Frodo in the Lord of the Rings?
Who wrote the Hannibal Lecter series?
What house does Darrow O'lykos belong to?
What is the name of the third book in His Dark Materials book series?
What is the name of the author of The Scarlet Letter?
What year did Shel Silverstein die?
What year was the first book in the Little Women series published?
How many copies of Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix sold in its first 24 hours?
Who wrote the Boxcar Children book series?
Who is the main character in the Hunger Games series?
What is Scarlett O'hara's first name?
Who used the pseudonym Ellis Bell?
Who wrote Moby Dick?
What is Bella Swan's daughter's name?
Who wrote the Chronicles of Prydain?
Who does Katniss Everdeen marry?
What is J. K. Rowling's full name?
Who wrote the Red Queen series?
When was the first book in the Ann of Green Gables series published?
Who does the Big Friendly Giant "kidsnatch" from her bedroom?
Where did John Steinbeck go to college?
When was Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix released?
Who wrote House Rules?
How many Diary of a Wimpy Kid books are there?
How many Chronicles of Narnia are there?
How many days did Agatha Christie disappear for?
How old was Katniss Everdeen in the first Hunger Games?
Who wrote The Bell Jar?
When was Moby Dick published?
What's the name of the main character in Great Expectations?
What colored glasses did the citizens of Emerald City wear?
What town does Bella Swan move to in Twilight?
When was the first Hunger Games book released?
What year did T.S. Eliot publish The Waste Land?
How many girls are entered into the Maze Runner glade?
Which writer asked his lifelong friend Max Brod to burn all his unpublished manuscripts?
What is Ron Weasley's real name?
What is The Great Gatsby's real name?
How many Dexter books are there?
What is the longest gap between a Song of Ice and Fire books?
What is the name of the first book in the Patternist series by Octavia East Butler?
How many books did Helen Keller get published?
Who wrote Outliers?
What is Katniss Everdeen's sister's name?
Who is Annabeth Chase's dad?
Who wrote the Amulet series?
Who gave Harry Potter his scar?
What is Stephen King's longest book?
What is E. B. White's real name?
Where was Christian Gray born?
Where is Dorothy Gale from?
In what year was the first A Song of Ice and Fire book published?
Who is Balsa a bodyguard for in Moribito?
What year did the first book in the Twilight series come out?
Which writer spent some years in Ghana and worked there as feature editor for the African Review?
What is the name of the detective in Murder on the Orient Express?
What is Bella's dads name in Twilight?
Who is the main male character in Gone Girl?
Who was Samwise's father?
Who was Tom Sawyer's best friend?
How did Lennie die in of Mice and Men?
How many pages is the first Harry Potter book?
Who wrote a Single Thread Cobbled Court Quilts book one?
How many copies of Angels and Demons by Dan Brown were sold?
Who is the father of Ophelia and Laertes?
Who wrote The Foundation Trilogy?
What was Mariam's husband's name in Land of One Thousand Splendid Suns?
Who is Frodo Baggins' sidekick?
What book did J. K. Rowling write at the age of six?
Who wrote the Diary of a Wimpy Kid books?
What is the name of Katniss Everdeen's little sister?
Who wrote Slaughterhouse-Five?
What age was Bella Swan when she was turned into vampire?
How old is Bella Swan in Twilight?
What kind of cancer does Hazel Grace Lancaster have?
How old is Harry Potter in the first book?
Who wrote The Scarlet Letter?
What does Jo March sell when her father falls ill?
Who wrote the Sound and the Fury?
What was Ray Bradbury's first novel?
What book is the first volume in George R. R. Martin's cycle of novels?
How many books are there currently in the A Song of Ice and Fire series?
Who wrote Double Fudge?
How old is Stephen King?
Who is the main character in Metamorphosis by Franz Kafka?
When was Ann of Green Gables published?
Who is J. K. Rowling currently married to?
When was the last book of A Song of Ice and Fire published?
Who is General Tilney's son and love interest of Catherine?
Where does the Number One Ladies' Detective Agency take place?
Who wrote Beautiful Creatures?
Who wrote the Pride and Prejudice?
How many authors wrote books in the Wheel of Time series?
What is the third book in the Hunger Games series?
What are the first names of the Hardy Boys?
Which Ray Bradbury novel features book burning?
Edgar Alan Poe wrote what genre of books?
What does Holden Caulfield hate?
What crime did Raskolnikov commit in Crime and Punishment?
Who are the main characters in Of Mice and Men?
Who is the main character in the Hunger Games?
Who is the female lead character in the Fifty Shades of Grey series?
C. S. Lewis created which book series?
Who wrote the Divergent trilogy?
Who are the main characters in the Magic Tree House series?
What plant is The Little Prince worried will infest his little planet?
Who were the main characters in the Sweet Valley High books?
What type of toy is Corduroy?
Who wrote Neuromancer?
Emily Brontë's Wuthering Heights recounts the tragic romance between which two lovers?
Who wrote the Ramona Quimby book series?
Where was Deadpool born?
Who wrote Tuesdays with Morrie?
How old is Aragorn?
Who wrote Journey to the Center of the Earth?
Who are Harry Potter's parents?
Who wrote the Gone series of young adult novels?
Who wrote Charlie and the Chocolate Factory?
How tall was J. D. Salinger?
How many books are there in the Magnum Chase series?
Who is the author of the Maximum Ride series?
When did Kim Stanley Robinson publish the first book in the Mars trilogy?
Who wrote Bridge to Terabithia?
Did Jane Austin ever marry?
Who wrote the Alex Cross series?
What special power does Matilda have?
How did Hamlet's mother die?
Who is the author of Great Expectations?
Who wrote the City of Bones books?
Who wrote The Black Cauldron?
How many novels did Charles Dickens write?
Who wrote the Twilight books?
When was the first book of the Dune series published?
What color hair does Ron Weasley have?
What mythology are Percy Jackson's books inspired by?
Who was Penelope married to?
Which of Shakespeare's plays features a sorcerer named Prospero?
Which author has sold the most mystery books?
Which author wrote To Kill a Mockingbird?
Which river did Huckleberry Finn travel?
What is the name of Holden Caulfield's little sister?
Who is Harry Potter's godfather?
Who was the mother of Paul Atreides?
When was Frankenstein written?
Who is George R. R. Martin's current wife?
Who wrote the saga of mythological novels, Percy Jackson?
Who wrote the series of Captain Underpants books?
What was the name of Don Quixote's horse?
Who did Hermione Granger marry?
What is Voldemort's real name?
What city did Sherlock Holmes live in?
Who wrote The Giver?
Who did Harry Potter grow up with?
Who wrote the Ender's Game series?
Who wrote the Percy Jackson series?
What was Legolas' main weapon of choice?
Who wrote the Red Badge of Courage?
Which one of the Doctor Seuss books features a character named Sam I Am?
What type of owl is Harry Potter's pet?
Who is the heroine of the Hunger Games trilogy?
Who was Don Quixote's sidekick?
Who is the first American female author that was published?
When did Shakespeare die?
Who does Jane Eyre end up with?
Who wrote Schindler's Ark?
What is the name of the first book in the Jack Reacher series?
In what year was Edgar Allen Poe's poem The Raven published?
Which writer had more than seventy different pen names?
How many books are in the Dark Tower series?
When was Charles Dickens born?
How many books are there in a Discovery of Witches series?
Who wrote the Ramona Quimby series?
What was the name of Harry Potter's father?
What was Doctor Seuss's real name?
When did J. D. Salinger die?
Who writes the Odd Thomas supernatural mystery series?
Where was Hellboy born?
Alex Cross is the main protagonist in a series of books written by which author?
What year did J. R. R. Tolkien die?
What nationality is J. K. Rowling?
Who is Harry Potter's mother?
What state does Scarlett O'hara's family live in?
Who wrote the Hunger Games novels?
Who was Bella Swan's love interest?
How many books are there in the Artemis Fowl series?
Which angel did Valentine Morgenstern capture in the basement of Idris's old home?
How many children did Oedipus have with Jacosta?
How old is Percy Jackson in the first book?
How did Holden Caulfield's brother die?
Who heads the investigation of the murders in Crime and Punishment?
What is Captain Underpants' true identity?
Who wrote Interview with the Vampire?
Who authored the book series with the character of Hannibal Lecter?
Of what genre is Edgar Allen Poe considered the father?
When was the first book in the Ann of Green Gables series?
What book in the Twilight series tells the story from Edward's perspective?
Who wrote The Foundation series?
Who wrote Frankenstein?
Which book did John Grisham first write?
Who wrote The High Fidelity?
Who was Oedipus's mother?
What is the name of Jon Snow's dire wolf?
How many Hunger Games books are there?
How did Charles Bukowski die?
How did Ernest Hemingway die?
Who won the Golden Globe Award for Best Television Drama Series?
Who did Aragorn marry?
Who is Sherlock Holmes best friend?
How old is J. K. Rowling?
What year did Harper Lee publish To Kill a Mockingbird?
Who wrote Salaryman?
What was R. L. Stine's first published book?
Who wrote War and Peace?
Who was the protagonist in the 1847 novel by Charlotte Brontë?
Who wrote Gone with the Wind?
What was the first novel James Bond appeared in?
What is the name of the character who arrives fresh off the bus from her tiny town in New England to arrive at her new life in Valley of the Dolls?
When was The Hobbit published?
When did Jeffrey Chaucer die?
How many Harry Potter books are there?
What is Stephen King's longest novel?
Who caused Harry many problems while trying to help him in his second year at Hogwarts?
Who created the Perry Mason mystery stories?
Who does Heathcliff marry in Wuthering Heights?
What was the name of the Elven archer in Lord of the Rings?
What year was Edward Cullen changed into a vampire?
Who does Samwise Gamgee eventually marry?
How many books are in The Underland Chronicles?
How old was Harper Lee when she died?
In what year was author J. K. Rowling born?
Who wrote With Every Letter (Wings of the Nightingale Book 1)?
What is the best-selling book series in history?
Who wrote the Lord of the Flies?
Who wrote Bangkok Eight?
Which character lived at Sunnybrook Farm?
According to Aesop's Fables, which animal did the tortoise beat in a race?
What does the HP in Hp Lovecraft's name stand for?
What was the most popular "choose your own adventure" book?
In what book did Edward Cullen and Bella Swan get married?
What color are Harry Potter's eyes in the book series?
What is the best-selling book Dan Brown wrote?
How many sisters does Elizabeth Bennett have?
Who wrote Red Rising?
What is Juliet's last name in Romeo and Juliet?
Who wrote The Tipping Point?
What crime landed Randle Mcmurphy in the mental hospital?
What is the name of Scarlett O'Hara's home?
What was the full-length novel in the Poul Anderson's Maurai series?
What did Harry name his owl?
When was Eragon born?
What is Gandalf?
Who wrote The Shining?
What is Aragon's nickname in Fellowship of the Ring?
When is the next Game of Thrones book going to be released?
What was Karen Kingsbury's first novel?
Where was James Patterson born?
What is J. K. Rowling's first name?
Who wrote The Divergent series?
What year did Ernest Hemingway write The Old Man and the Sea?
What is the name of Harry Potter's pet owl?
How many Fifty Shades of Grey books are there?
When did the first Goosebump book come out?
How many books are in the Little House on the Prairie series original?
What are the two characters called in Normal People?
Who wrote Little Men?
What wrote Harry Potter?
Who won a Newbery Award for writing Bridge to Terabithia?
What house did Ned Stark belong to?
What was Bella Swan's dad's name?
Who is Nero Wolfe's confidential assistant?
What was the name of Perry Mason's secretary?
What was the name of the first Jack Reacher novel?
What was Frodo's last name?
How many books are in the Lunar Chronicles series?
Who wrote the Hunger Games series?
Where is Bilbo Baggins from?
What is Wade Watts avatar's name in Ready Player One?
Who is the main character in the Harry Potter series?
Who wrote the Watsons Go to Birmingham?
What was the name of the nurse in One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest?
How many books are in the Harry Potter series?
Who wrote the Twilight series?
What is the name of the main female character protagonist in the Hunger Games trilogy?
When was the last sighting of dragons before the events of A Song of Ice and Fire book series?
Who wrote Homegoing?
Who is the author of The Vampire Academy book series?
Which novels by Jane Austin were published posthumously?
Who wrote Eight Cousins?
Who wrote Fahrenheit 451?
Where was Conan from in Howard's Conan the Warrior?
Who wrote the novel Devil in a Blue Dress?
Who did Jane Eyre marry?
Where was Scott Pilgrim born?
When did James Joyce write Dubliners?
How many books has Stephenie Meyer written?
Who wrote The True Blood series?
Where was Johnny Alpha born?
What house at Hogwarts does Harry belong to?
What is Rosemary Hathaway's nickname?
What year was Lennie Small born?
Which year did J. K. Rowling start her plan for Harry Potter?
What is Pennywise?
How many movies were made from the Lord of the Rings book series?
Who is Harry Potter's father?
What is the name of Roy Hobbs' baseball bat?
Who wrote The Animal Farm?
What weapon does Katniss Everdeen prefer?
What's the name of the writer who penned the Pulitzer prize winning novel The Goldfinch?
Where did Lewis Carol live?
How many Harry Potter books did J. K. Rowling write?
Who wrote The Twilight Saga novels?
Who is the protagonist of the Hunger Games series?
What was the Elven king's name in The Hobbit?
What style of dressing little boys did Frances Hodgson Burnett spark?
Where was Paul Atreides born?
What was the real name of Voldemort?
What house did Severus Snape belong to?
How many books were written in the Goosebumps series?
What is Edward Cullen known for with power?
Who commissioned the Taj Mahal?
Which Utah city was founded by Mormons?
Which city is called the City of Brotherly Love?
When was the Frederick Douglas Statue originally built?
How tall is the Gateway Arch?
When was the Taj Mahal made?
What is the world's smallest city by geographical area?
Frederick William II Prussian King ordered the building of which Berlin monument completed in 1791?
What state is known for growing potatoes?
What country gifted the Statue of Liberty to the US?
What is the largest fortress in Europe?
What year was Miami founded?
What is the citadel of Moscow called?
What kind of trees grow in the Muir Woods National Monument?
What year was the September 11 Memorial constructed?
Where is Masada located?
Where is Stonehenge located?
What city is nicknamed Emerald City?
What city is nicknamed The Windy City?
What is the population of Buenos Aires?
What year was the Taj Mahal commissioned?
Which US city is nicknamed the Big Apple?
What city has the largest population in the world?
What is the largest city in North Dakota?
What city has the nickname of Sin City?
In which country is the tallest statue in the world located?
What is the largest borough in New York City?
What city is nicknamed the Big Apple?
Which nation is the Sydney Opera House located in?
Where is the monument of Crazy Horse located?
How many boroughs are in New York City?
What great ancient city is now a suburb of Tunis?
What is the name of a lost city located in Peru's mountains that is also one of the New Seven Wonders of the World?
How tall is the Eiffel Tower?
What monument in Georgia, US was commissioned by a man who disappeared without revealing his true identity and left an enigmatic message engraved on the stones in eight different languages?
Who designed The White House?
What is the capital of Texas?
Where is Devils Tower monument located?
What is the state capital of Texas?
What is the largest monument in the world?
Which of these cities is the capital of Iowa?
What color was the Statue of Liberty originally?
What country is Sydney Opera House in?
Where is the Washington Monument?
What city is nicknamed The Mile High City?
Which state is the Golden Gate Bridge located in?
In what city was the first Oktoberfest held?
What is Turkey's second largest city?
What's the population of Cairo, Egypt according to the UN 2018 population estimates?
What city has the nickname Stumptown?
In which city is the Statue of Liberty located?
What's the population of Delhi, India according to the UN 2018 population estimates?
What city is the Big Apple?
Which state is Craters of the Moon National Monument located?
What is the population of Denver, Colorado?
What is the largest city in the state of Iowa?
What is on top of the Washington Monument?
What year was Chicago founded?
What is Germany's largest populated city?
What city is nicknamed the City of Brotherly Love?
What city created pee-proof walls to deter drunks from urinating on them?
What city in France is nicknamed the City of Light?
What year was Mount Rushmore finished?
In what country is Hadrian's Wall?
What is the population of New York City?
When was Nelson's Column built?
What is the population of Dallas, Texas?
Which city has the largest population in Tennessee?
What was Bangkok nicknamed in the nineteenth century?
Which city is the capital of Mexico?
What ancient civilization built Chichen Itza?
What is the state flower of Nevada?
How tall is the Willis Tower in Chicago?
Where is Machu Picchu located?
What archaeological site in Mexico was made one of the New Seven Wonders of the World in 2007?
How many steps to the crown of the Statue of Liberty?
What is Salt Lake City's population?
Where is the Easter Island of Moai located?
What is the size of Rio de Janeiro in Brazil?
Who is credited as the designer of the Christ the Redeemer monument in Brazil?
Which city has the tallest skyscraper in the United States?
What is the capital of Virginia?
What is the 2019 estimated population of Phoenix?
How old is New York City?
In what city is the White House located?
What is the capital of Latvia?
Christ the Redeemer is a statue that looks over which city?
When was Mount Rushmore started?
Who created the original design for the Washington Monument?
When was the World War Two Memorial on the National Mall opened to the public?
What is the most populous city in Germany?
What is the population of Phoenix A. Z. USA?
Who first designed the Leaning Tower of Pisa?
How many boroughs does New York City have?
Where can you find the Taj Mahal?
Baron Haussmann is best known for the planning of which city?
What city is called the City of Brotherly Love?
What is the most stoned city in the world?
What is the capital of Wisconsin?
What city has the Golden Gate Bridge?
What is the population of Paris?
What is the current name of the city formerly called Leningrad?
How many miles is it from Frankfort, Kentucky to Boston, Massachusetts?
What is the biggest city in India?
Which NBA team plays in Atlanta, Georgia?
Which city is nicknamed The Magic City?
What city primarily has canals and uses gondolas as the mode of transportation?
What was the first monument erected in America?
Which is the most populated city in USA?
What park is Old Faithful in?
When was the Lincoln Memorial dedicated?
What city has the most sports teams?
What year was Mount Rushmore built?
How many cities are in Massachusetts county?
What is the population of Paris, France?
What landmark in Rome was said to have seated more than 15,000 fans all vying for blood?
Which US city is nicknamed The Big Easy?
Which major US city is not in a state or territory?
How tall is the Space Needle?
What is the population of Cairo?
What is the largest city in Wyoming?
Which Washington state city is the Microsoft Corporation headquarters located in?
What is the population of Stirling, Scotland?
What city is home to the Alamo?
What year was Salem Massachusetts founded?
What is the population of New Orléans?
What country gave the US the Statue of Liberty to mark the centennial in 1876 of the United States' Declaration of Independence July 4, 1776?
Which new Seven Wonders of the World is located in India?
When was the Willis Tower built?
Which US city is known as the Mile High City?
What city in Connecticut was originally known as Rippowam?
When was Raleigh founded?
Which capital city was previously named Queen of the Danube?
Who was the architect in charge of making the Willis Tower?
When did construction begin on the Gateway Arch?
What is the population of Mexico City?
In what country is the Great Sphinx of Giza located?
What is the largest populated city in the world?
The scene of the 1810 Revolution the Plaza de Mayo can be found in which city?
What is the highest city in the world?
In which state is Mount Rushmore monument located?
Who designed the Statue of Liberty?
What US city is known as the Mile High City?
In what continent is Monaco located?
Where is the Little Bighorn National Monument located?
In what country is the Great Wall of China located?
Which city is entirely built on long wooden poles?
Which city hosted the 2008 Summer Olympics?
What is the largest city by population in Wyoming?
In what month and year did construction begin on St. Louis's Gateway Arch?
The State Hermitage Museum is located in which country?
What desert is Phoenix, Arizona in?
In what city did the 1996 Summer Olympics take place?
Where is Mont Saint Michel located?
What state is home to Mount Rushmore?
Which US city has the highest population?
Who founded the city of Philadelphia?
What is the population of Los Angeles?
What is the most populous city in the world?
Which European capital city is known as the Eternal City?
What World Fair was the Eiffel Tower built for?
When was the Mormon temple in Salt Lake City opened?
What is the capital of Kenya?
How many cities are in Michigan county?
Which capital city in the world has the highest elevation?
The Eiffel Tower can be found in which European capital city?
Christ the Redeemer overlooks which city?
Which city is nicknamed the Big Apple?
What is the state capital of Florida?
Which capital city is located on the southern shores of the Firth of Forth in the United Kingdom?
Was the capital of Barbados named because the first European settlers found an old existing bridge already in place there?
When was the Lincoln Memorial opened to the public?
How many people live in Chicago?
What city is referred to as the Big Apple?
Which country gifted the Statue of Liberty to the USA?
What is the population of Mexico City, Mexico?
How old is Paris?
What is the name of the county that the city of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania is located in?
How many rooms does the White House have?
What country is Angkor Wat located in?
What is the population of Parma, Ohio?
What is the size of Mexico City?
Who created the Statue of Liberty?
What's the population of Shanghai, China according to the UN 2018 population estimates?
What is the most populated city in Georgia?
What is the height in meters of the Victoria Memorial in London?
When was the Vietnam Memorial dedicated?
Which people founded the city of Dublin?
Which is the only city to have hosted the Summer Olympic Games three times?
In which city is the Brandenburg Gate located?
What is the most populous city in Spain?
Which capital city is sacred for Jews, Christians and Muslims?
What is the population of Honolulu, Hawaii?
Where is the Pantheon located?
What is city is known as the Big Apple?
Who designed the Taj Mahal?
What city is known as the Big Apple?
Which city uses zero stop signs for cars?
Which city contains the University of Pennsylvania?
What is the ninth largest city by population in the United States?
What city is nicknamed The Big Easy?
What is the largest city in Brazil?
What year was the Gateway Arch completed?
What is the Taj Mahal made out of?
Which major city in Oregon sits on both the Columbia and Willamette Rivers?
Who gave the Statue of Liberty to the US?
What is the nickname for the City of Boston?
What is the population of Moscow, Russia?
What city is the capital of California?
The Atomium is a famous landmark in which European city?
What is the sickest city in the world?
Who was the engineer in charge of making the Willis Tower?
What country gave the Statue of Liberty to the USA?
What year was Rome founded?
What state is Omaha located in?
Where is Mount Rushmore located?
What year was Saint Basil's Cathedral finished?
What is the fourth largest city in America by population?
What is the total area of the Forbidden City Palace complex in china?
What state is the city of San Diego in?
When did construction of the Eiffel Tower start?
What city is known as the Mile High City?
When was the Washington Monument completed?
What city has the nickname the Hub of the Universe?
Which city has the most songs written about it?
When was the Lincoln Memorial built?
When was Paris founded?
What's the largest city in the world by population?
For how many men is their resting place the Pearl Harbor National Memorial?
How many miles in length is the Great Wall of China?
What US city is home to the Liberty Bell?
What is the 2019 estimated population of San José?
In what year was the Statue of Liberty completed?
Where is the Opera House located?
What year was the Jefferson Memorial dedicated?
How old is the Chrysler Building?
Which city is the home of the Alamo?
When was the Sydney Opera House built?
What city is nicknamed the Lilac City?
Stonehenge is located in which country?
What is the population of Raleigh, North Carolina?
Which country will you find the Pyramid of Giza?
Where is the Craters of the Moon monument located?
What city is called Sin City?
How many feet tall is the Statue of Liberty?
What city is known as Beantown?
What is the tallest monument in the world?
What city has the largest population in the United States?
What city does the MLB team the Royals play in?
How many people approximately live in the commune Di Venezia?
What is the largest city in Florida?
When was construction on Mount Rushmore complete?
How tall was the statue of Abraham Lincoln in the Lincoln Memorial intended to be initially?
What city has the largest population?
What city is nicknamed the Motor City?
What is the capital city of Kentucky?
When was construction on the Gateway Arch completed?
Where is the Temple of the Tooth found?
Where in Texas is the Alamo?
When was the Statue of Liberty built?
It took more than how many years for the Lincoln Memorial to be built and open to the public?
Which city is known as the City of Lights?
In which country is the Borobudur Temple located?
What is a prehistoric monument located in the UK and is made up of rocks and stones?
Which country is the Taj Mahal located in?
Which national monument is located on the California coast and was designated by President Obama in April of 2012?
What city is nicknamed city of Brotherly Love?
What city keeps the Liberty Bell?
Who designed Lincoln Memorial?
What is the population of Medford MA, USA?
Which city in Texas did Davy Crockett pass away in?
What year was the Lincoln Memorial built?
What city in the USA has the coldest temperature?
What is the size of London?
What city is nicknamed City of Hate?
Which city is the National September 11th Memorial and Museum located in?
What is the biggest city in Scotland?
What is the population of Manila?
What city is the capital of New York?
What city never sleeps?
What city is home of Arbor Day?
What is the nickname of Philadelphia?
What is the smallest city in the United States?
How many years old is Detroit?
What city do the Red Sox play baseball in?
What city is the capital of Australia?
Yosemite National Park is located in which state in the US?
This is the largest city in British Columbia Canada, and also the name of Portland or suburb?
What is the largest city in Virginia?
How long did it take to build the Burj Khalifa?
What year did the Statue of Liberty arrive in America?
What is the St. Louis Gateway Arch made out of?
What US city has the most bridges?
What US city with the highest population?
What is the nickname for New Orléans?
Who designed the Golden Gate bridge?
Which city is nicknamed Sin City?
What year was Seattle founded?
Which US city is known as the Windy City?
Where might one find the city of Tunis?
What year was the Jefferson Memorial finished?
When was Big Ben built?
Who gave the US the Statue of Liberty?
Cayenne the capital city of French Guiana was used for which strict purpose for 84 years?
What is the population of Metz, France?
How tall is Christ The Redeemer statue?
What city is Lombard Street in?
What monument is dedicated to four of the greatest American presidents?
Where is Buck Island?
What is a very famous temple in Greece in honor of the Greek Goddess of wisdom?
What monuments are ancient statues on an island belonging to Chile?
Who built the Vietnam Memorial?
What is the Steel City?
What city is known as Sin City?
Which German city held trials for World War II war crimes?
Who designed Washington DC's Vietnam Veteran's Memorial?
What city has hosted the Olympics the most?
What year was the Golden Gate built?
What city is called Charm City?
What city is the capital of New York state?
What is the largest city in Thailand?
What is the largest city in the United States?
What city is nicknamed Space City?
When was Niagara Falls built?
What is the most populated city in the US?
When were the first US Presidential Elections held?
What is the minimum age to serve as the US president?
Which president was blind in one eye?
How often are presidential elections?
How many times was Franklin D. Roosevelt elected president?
Which Republican did Barack Obama defeat to win a second term in 2012?
What were the popular uprisings in the Middle East in 2011 known as?
In what year did the Economist Intelligence Unit rate Chile a full democracy?
What political party is Angela Merkel in?
What is the youngest age to be president of the United States?
What party does the Prime Minister Shinzo Abe represent?
Who was Bill Clinton's vice president?
Which president served two non-consecutive terms?
Who won the last election for prime minister in Iraq?
Who is the president of Mongolia?
How long is a US senator's term of office?
Who is the current president of the United States?
What type of government does Chile have in 2020?
What form of government does South Korea have?
When was Barack Obama born?
How many terms did FDR serve as president?
Who is the governor of Arkansas?
How many Electoral College Votes did Barack Obama get in 2008?
Who is the president of France?
Who became the president of the US on April 4, 1841?
Who is the president of Bolivia?
Who is the current House minority leader?
How many members are there in the United States Senate?
Which president organized the New Deal?
How long is a US senator's term in office?
Who is the president of Kenya?
Which president was an army general in World War II?
Who is the prime minister of Iran?
Who ran against William Jennings Brian for president?
Which African country receives the most aid from the United States?
When was Saudi Arabia founded?
What is the only populated continent to not have any form of monarchy?
In what year did Benjamin Netanyahu become the prime minister of Israel?
What type of government does China?
Who is the ruler of Vatican city?
How many Electoral Votes does Pennsylvania have?
How many total Electoral Votes are there to win?
Who is the tenth president of the US?
What is the government system of Paraguay?
Who is the first elected African female president?
Who was the 17th president of the United States?
Who ran against Bill Clinton in 1996?
Who is the president of Niger?
Who was the first woman to run for president in the United States?
How long is the term for a member of the House of Representatives?
What kind of government does China have?
Who is the attorney general of Illinois?
Who is the current prime minister of Bahrain?
How many countries in Europe are still sovereign monarchies?
Who is the president of Lebanon?
When did Xi Jinping become the president of China?
Who is running for Senate against Republican Lindsey Graham in South Carolina in the 2020 Election?
Who is the currently serving youngest senator?
What is the most times someone has been elected?
From which country did Colombia gain its independence?
Who is the leader of Botswana?
Who appoints Supreme Court Justices?
How many Electoral Votes did Bill Clinton get in the 1992 Presidential Election?
Who was chosen as prime minister of Poland in 2007?
Which state has the most Electoral College votes?
Who won the 1804 Presidential Election?
Who is the head of Saudi Arabia?
Who is the leader of Vietnam?
What is the title of Naruhito?
How many terms can a president serve?
What is Angela Merkel's official title?
Who was the fifteenth president of the United States?
What was the longest dictatorship in South America?
Who was Barack Obama's running mate in 2008?
Who is the president of Italy?
Who are the senators from Oregon?
Which country is a Confederation?
Who is Aruba's minister of transport?
Who was the 37th president of the United States?
Which city was Tony Blair born?
Which president served the most days in office?
How many representatives does California have in the House of Representatives?
What party controls the Senate?
Who is the current president of Somalia?
What form of government does Jordan have?
How many Electoral Votes did George Bush get in 1988?
How old is the Prince of Saudi Arabia?
When was the National Voter Registration Act put into place?
How many popular votes Clinton received in 2016 Elections?
What is the minimum number of representatives each state can have?
Who was the first president of the United States?
Who won the 1848 Presidential Election?
Who is the current president of Peru?
Who is the longest serving prime minister of Japan?
What year was the Palestine Liberation Organization founded?
What was the capital of Indonesia previously known as?
Who is the leader in France?
Who is the only president to have been divorced more than once?
What best describes Mexico's form of government today?
Who is the president of Chile?
Who won the NY Senate race in 2000?
How many countries are in Africa?
How many seats do the Republicans have in the Senate?
Which president gave his 3319 word Inaugural Address from memory without the aid of notes?
When is the next presidential election to be held in Mongolia?
How many Chambers of Congress are there?
Who was the 13th president?
Where did Barack Obama go to law school?
Who won the House majority in the 2002 Election?
What is the highest court in Africa?
What was Ohio representative Jim Jordan's job before he joined Congress?
How many votes are needed to break a filibuster in the US Senate?
Who is the leader of Paraguay?
Who won the 1996 Presidential Election?
Who is the commander in chief of the military?
What state holds the first Democratic Presidential Primary or Caucus?
How many votes does it take to override a presidential veto in the Senate?
What territory was transferred from the United Kingdom to the People's Republic of China in 1997?
What year did Burma become known as Myanmar?
Which president established the first national monument?
What are the major political parties of the United States?
How many US senators are there?
Who was the first US president?
Which country received independence from the United Kingdom on December 16, 1971?
Who was the 45th president?
What is the home state of Bill Clinton?
What was the European Union's initial aim back in the days?
What office is the head or chief of state of Japan?
Who is Mitch McConnell's Democratic Party challenger in the 2020 Kentucky Senate Elections?
Who was the only president in American history to serve two non-consecutive terms in office?
In what state was Barack Obama born?
Who is the prime minister of Israel?
How many Electoral Votes did Eisenhower receive in 1956?
Who is the current Speaker of the House?
What is the capitol of Oman?
Who is the prime minister of Italy?
Who won the Republican nomination in the 1980 Presidential Election?
What is the armed wing of the African National Congress?
How old do you have to be to vote for president as of 1971?
Who is the president of Japan?
Who is the Speaker of the House?
What college did Obama earn his law degree from?
How many Supreme Court Justices are there?
In 2021, who is the emperor of Japan?
How many members are there in the Lebanese Parliament?
Which state does Jacky Rosen represent?
Who shot John F. Kennedy?
Who is the king of England?
How old do you need to be to vote?
Who was Ulysses Grant's first vice president?
How many Electoral Votes did Barack Obama win in 2012?
Is South America western?
What position is fourth in the order of presidential succession?
What state does Speaker Nancy Pelosi represent?
How many years did John F. Kennedy spent in office?
Who is the vice president of the country?
Who was the longest serving president?
How many Electoral Votes did Colorado have in the 2016 Presidential Election?
Who was the only president elected unanimously by the Electoral College?
Who is the president of Brazil?
In what year did Kim Jong-un became the head of the government in North Korea?
Who became the president of Germany on 1 July 1994?
What type of government does Argentina have?
What political party is Chris Sununu a member of?
Who was the first president in Egypt?
Who is the current president of Suriname?
How many countries count as Arab?
What is the highest elected office in Germany?
In what year did north Yemen and South Yemen unite?
What is the Legislature of Iceland called?
Who was the first Catholic presidential candidate?
Who is the current president of Kenya?
Who was the running mate of George H. W. Bush in the 1988 US Presidential Election?
What year was the war between Egypt and Israel?
How many presidents have been assassinated?
Who is the president of Peru?
How many Amendments does the Constitution have?
Who is the president of the Philippines?
How many vote does US Senate holds?
Who won the 1948 Presidential Election?
How many members are in Denmark's Parliament?
Where did Donald Trump complete his undergraduate degree?
Who is the Sultan of Oman?
Who is the 37th president of the US?
Who is the leader of Iraq?
Who is the current president of Bolivia?
Who is the current acting chairman of The Federal Communications Commission that was appointed by President Joe Biden?
Who is the longest-serving senator?
Who was the first female to run for president?
What are the names of the two major political parties in the United States?
Which president got stuck in a bathtub?
What state was Theodore Roosevelt from?
Who was Egypt's president before Abdel Fattah el-Sisi?
Who won the popular vote in the 2012 Presidential Election?
Who is the current president of Japan?
How is the number of terms a president can serve determined?
Who was the only president to serve two non-consecutive terms?
Who is the president of Aruba?
What US president made history by becoming the first sitting US president to declare Jerusalem as the capital of Israel?
Who is the defense minister of Colombia?
When was the EU established?
How many successful assassination attempts of US presidents have there been?
What is the political party of President Cyril Ramaphosa of South Africa?
How many years does a senator serve?
Who won the 1980 Presidential Election?
Who was president during most of WW II?
What political party is Ebrahim Raisi a part of?
Which political party in 1922 used the slogan “Workers of the world unite and fight for a white South Africa”?
When did Barry Goldwater run for president?
Who is the junior senator from Vermont?
Which president has lived to the oldest age?
Who is the governor of New York?
How many presidents have there been?
Where do Argentinian presidents live?
Who won the Presidential Election in 1904?
How many states allow early voting?
Since the 1840s on which day of the week have US Presidential Elections been held?
Who is the president of South Africa?
Who won the 1992 Presidential Election?
What year did the EEC change it's name to the European Union?
Which nation's government is classified as a monarchy with a king as chief of state and head of government?
Which president had poor people camps named after him?
Who is the 40th president?
Who won the 1984 Presidential Election?
What year did the war in Yemen begin?
What land did Israel gain in 1948 war?
What form of government does Argentina have?
Who is the president of Uruguay?
How many representatives does Texas have?
How many seats are there in the Supreme Court?
What is the age minimum to become a senator?
Who is the governor of New Jersey?
How many presidents won popular vote but lost Electoral College?
Who won the Republican nomination for president in 2008?
Yoshihide Suga serves as what political position in the government of Japan?
What is the largest country of Africa in population?
Who was the smallest president standing 5ft-4in?
How often is a presidential election held?
How many Electoral College Votes did Hillary Clinton garner in 2016?
How many electoral votes did Hillary Clinton receive in the 2016 Election?
Who is currently the US Speaker of the House?
When will the next governor of Utah be elected?
How many states make up the African union?
What languages does Angela Merkel speak?
What year did Chairman Mao die?
Which party won the state elections in North Carolina in 2016?
When is USA Independence Day?
Who's the king of Thailand?
Who is the prime minister of the United Kingdom?
What was the center of politics in Rio de Janeiro and in all of Brazil until 1889, when Brazil became a Republic?
In the case of a tied vote in the US Senate, the deciding vote cast by who?
Who is the current leader of the Labor Party?
Who is the governor of Kansas?
What makes South America unique?
What type of government does Mongolia have?
What bill is Ulysses S. Grant on?
What president had the most kids?
What kind of political system does Japan have?
When did Israeli-Palestinian conflict begin?
How many senators voted for the Affordable Care Act?
Who was president before Maduro in Venezuela?
Who is running for the Massachusetts Senate seat?
What is one of the main powers of the president of the United States?
Who is the president of Ireland?
Who was the first president?
When did Al Gore run for president?
What is the oldest country in Africa?
How many votes are required to end a filibuster in the Senate?
Who was the youngest US president?
How many times was Joe Biden re-elected to the Senate?
How many Electoral College Votes did Barack H. Obama get in 2012?
Who controlled the House in 1995?
Who is the EU's chief negotiator?
What did Hu Jintao serve as from 2002 to 2012?
What is Mohammed Bin Salman colloquially known as?
In what country was the massacre at Tienanmen Square?
Which US president was the first to be assassinated?
How old is Cyril Ramaphosa?
In what year did Bashar Al Assad became president?
Who is the current First Lady of the US?
When is the next Iranian election?
How many years does a US senator serve in one full term?
Which state created republics in Lebanon and Syria?
What president had the nickname of "Silent Cal"?
Who is the president of North Macedonia?
Who led Germany after Adolf Hitler?
Who was the first president to not wear a wig?
Who was the Democratic Senate candidate in Iowa in 2014?
Who won the 2016 Presidential Election?
Who won the popular vote in the 2016 Presidential Election?
What party does President Donald Trump represent?
Which Amendment limits presidential terms?
Who divided Africa countries?
Who holds the power of the Executive Branch of government?
Who was the Democratic candidate for the 2012 Election?
During what war did Bolivia lose territorial access to the Pacific Ocean?
Who was the first president of Kenya?
Who is the ruler of Jordan?
What president was instrumental in building the Panama Canal?
Since the 1840s on which day of the week have US Presidential Elections taken place?
Who was Madagascar's first president?
Which candidate ran for president and won nearly one million votes while in prison?
How long is a term in the House of Representatives?
Who is the president of China?
Which state has the most electoral votes?
Who won the 1984 Election?
In what year did Iván Duke Márquez become president of Colombia?
How many Electoral College Votes did Donald Trump win in 2016?
What state was Martin van Buren the governor of before becoming president?
What candidate had the second highest votes for President in Bolivia's 2020 Presidential Election?
Who won South Carolina's 2020 GOP Senate Primary?
How many Electoral Votes did Clinton get in 2016?
Who was the 39th president?
Who is the prime minister of Sudan?
Who is the current king of Jordan?
Who is the president of Cameroon?
What kind of legislature does Colombia have?
Which year was George W. Bush born?
How many Electoral Votes did John F. Kennedy get in his first Election?
At what age can you vote in US Elections?
In what year did Zuma resign as president of South Africa?
Who is the current minsters of energy of Kenya?
Who is the leader of Ecuador?
In what city is Lebanon's Parliament building located?
Who was the first president to have a Christmas tree at the White House?
When was the modern Chinese government formed?
Ancient Mesopotamia was famously located by two rivers, which of the following was one of them?
Between what years was the Franco-Dutch war fought?
Which Chinese dynasty is known as the Golden Age for Poetry?
How long did King Tut rule Egypt?
Which war is the Iliad written about?
Who was the last leader of the Inca civilization?
Who was the first emperor of Japan?
What dynasty was Cleopatra apart of?
What continent was the Vinca culture established in?
What treaty ended the war of 1812?
What was the main sea of Ancient Greece?
Who was the 9th Aztec emperor of Mexico?
What notable achievement did the ancient Egyptians create?
Who united Greece?
What number president was Abraham Lincoln?
Where did Napoleon surrender?
What continent was the ancient Egypt civilization located on?
Who invented the water screw?
What ancient civilization was the first to use democracy?
What was the pseudonym used by Charles Dickens?
When was Queen Elizabeth I crowned?
Who was George Washington's wife?
Who led the American army at Valley Forge?
When did the Vietnam War begin?
When did the Sumerian Empire end?
Who was the first king of Ancient India?
Who was the emperor with the Xian warriors?
Who was president of the US during the Civil War?
What was the estimated population of the Aztec Empire?
Who was president during the Civil War?
What is the name of the herbicide used by the US Military during the Vietnam War?
What year was Julius Caesar born?
What year did the Mongol Empire begin?
Who was granted the patent for the invention of the telephone?
When did WW II start?
When did George Washington become president?
Who was the last ruler of Egypt?
In what country was the Inca civilization located?
Which president ordered the atomic bomb on Hiroshima?
Highly respected and loved, what animal had considerable importance in ancient Egypt?
Who was president during World War One?
What was the first capital of ancient Egypt?
Which civilization contained the ancient city of Memphis?
When did Babylon fall?
Who ruled Rome the longest?
Which cities fought in the second Punic War?
Who is the 3rd president of the United States?
What year did WW I end?
Who was the Supreme Commander of Allied Forces in Europe in WW II?
When did the Saxons invade England?
How old was Cleopatra when she died?
What year did the Nine Years' War begin?
Which international organization was established as a result of World War II?
Where did the Inca civilization start?
Who built Petra?
How many days were in the Mayan's religious calendar?
Who was the second emperor of China?
In what continent was ancient Egypt located?
In what year did the United States enter WW II?
Who was the Swamp Fox?
Who was famed author Mary Shelley's husband?
What was the earliest known civilization?
What was the capital of Roman civilization?
Who is supposed to have founded Rome?
When did the Mycenaean civilization end?
The area where the Aztecs were located is called what today?
Where was Mozart born?
What state was George Washington born in?
Which king formed the Church of England?
Who was the first emperor of China?
What was King Tut's full name?
Who was the longest running Roman emperor?
Who was the first Secretary of Treasury?
Where was Che Guevara born?
Who was the first emperor of Rome?
How long did the One Hundred Year War last?
What did Martin Luther nail to a church?
How many dynasties did America have?
Who was the emperor of Japan during World War II?
How many uses did George Washington Carver find for the peanut?
Who won the American Civil War?
Which state did John F. Kennedy got assassinated?
Who's the politician who switched from Athens to Sparta in 431 to 404 BC?
What did Albert Einstein win in 1921?
Who was the Cleopatra's father?
What was the money used in ancient Rome?
When was the guillotine first used?
Who was the first Postmaster General of the United States?
What year did WW I start?
What was a Canadian Indian tribe?
Who was the first female pilot to cross the Atlantic Ocean?
Who conquered Egypt in 332 BC?
Where is the region called the Cradle of Humanity located?
In Egyptian society what was the highest position?
Who published the Theory of Relativity?
When did the Mongolian Empire end?
Which two cities had nuclear weapons used on them in World War II?
What country was Charles Darwin born?
What was the first Chinese dynasty?
What was the most important battle?
In what year did the US most recently invade Iraq?
Who was the first drummer for the Beatles?
Who was the last Inca emperor?
Who was the founder and first emperor of the Mongol Empire?
According to Roman historians who was the first king of Rome?
Which treaty ended the War of Eighteen Twelve?
Who was the founder and first emperor of the Aztec Imperial Dynasty?
What year did the American Revolutionary War begin?
The 1783 Treaty of Paris marked the end to which war?
What was the name of the leader of the Nazi Party?
Who was the queen of England for nine days total?
What conflict is sometimes called the African World War?
Who was the Roman emperor at the time of Christ's death?
What group conquered the Sumerians in 2004 BC?
In what dynasty was the Terracotta Army built?
When did the Babylonian Empire end?
Which American war had the most American casualties?
Who created the telegraph?
What was the name of the largest empire in pre-Columbian history?
Who was the first Egyptian Pharaoh?
When did ancient Egypt start?
Who defeated the Ottoman Empire?
Where did the Romans use the bathroom?
When was ancient Rome founded?
Where did the D-day Invasion of June 6 1944 take place?
How many Americans are estimated to have died during the Civil War?
Who was the female Pharaoh of Ancient Egypt?
What ancient civilization developed a writing system?
Who won War of Eighteen Twelve?
What was the largest battle of the Civil War?
Who was the last Czar of Russia?
The Korean War had Korea split into which two countries?
Who shot Abraham Lincoln?
Where did the Etruscans live?
How old was Albert Einstein when he died?
The God Ra, a Sun God, is from which civilization?
What year did the battle of Gettysburg occur?
When was the Mesopotamian civilization founded?
Who was the last emperor of the Roman Empire?
Which country lost the most soldiers in WW II?
Who founded Rome?
Who was the first African-American to play in major league baseball?
What ancient civilization would allow men to take time off from work to care for menstruating wives and daughters?
What was the deadliest war in modern times?
What state did Pearl Harbor take place?
Who was the Pope at the beginning of this current millennium 2000 AD?
How long did Roosevelt's term last in the presidency of the US?
Which president declared neutrality in WW I?
At about what time did the Iron Age begin?
How many sons did Martin Luther King junior have?
How did Malcolm X. die?
What year was Alexander the Great born?
When was the Aztec Empire founded?
Who built the Suez Canal?
Who was the first Chinese emperor?
What is Harriet Tubman real name?
How old was Alexander the Great when he became king?
What year did the Battle of Midway take place?
When did the Roman Empire fall?
Which native American language was used by the US Marines as a code language during World War II?
When was Cleopatra born?
What country was the Inca civilization's capital established in?
What was the German Air Force in World War II called?
When did Isaac Newton publish his Comprehensive Theory of Gravity?
Who was the first king of England?
Where was the Incan civilization located?
How many years did the American Civil War last?
Who created the Hammurabi code?
Who killed MLK junior?
Who was the first black woman in Congress?
When did General Douglas MacArthur graduate from West Point?
Who created the Polio vaccine?
Where did Napoleon grow up?
In what war did roughly two percent of the population of the United States die?
Who is the center figure of the Trevi Fountain statues?
When was Alexander the Great born?
When did the Byzantine Empire fall?
Who was president during World War I?
Which Roman emperor constructed a wall across Great Britain in the second century AD?
How old was Ulysses S. Grant when he died?
What city was administrative political and military center of the Inca Empire?
How many home runs did Ted Williams hit?
How many people died in the bombing of Dresden?
The ancient Greeks dedicated the Parthenon in Athens to which goddess?
In what years did the Civil War take place?
Where is the Aztec city-state Tenochtitlan located?
Who was chosen as president by the House of Representatives in 1824?
In what year was the Battle of Hastings fought?
Who was the first ruler of Egypt?
Who built the pyramids in Mexico?
When did Mount Vesuvius erupt?
Where was Barack Obama born and raised?
What nation conquered Assyria?
The Aztec Empire was defeated by which Conquistador?
What ancient civilization started the Olympics?
Who won the Battle of Gettysburg?
Which baseball team did Babe Ruth debut with?
Recuay culture dates to what time period?
What dynasty was Cleopatra a part of?
Who was the overall Commander of Allied Forces in Europe?
Who was the Aztecs first ruler?
What did Marie Curie discover?
What codename was given to the Battle of Guadalcanal by American forces?
Who is known for developing the Mass Energy Equivalence formula?
What was the name of the first atomic bomb?
Who was the first ruler of the Tang Dynasty?
Who invented the underwire bra?
How many colonies in Revolutionary War?
When did Cortés travel to Mexico?
Who composed the Odyssey and the Iliad?
Who was president during Revolutionary War?
Where did Che Guevara die?
What was the capital of the Aztec Empire?
Who discovered Australia?
When did the American Civil War start?
In what year was Abraham Lincoln assassinated?
Who was the first black woman to win an Olympic Gold Medal?
What is the oldest religion in the world?
What country attacked Pearl Harbor?
What college did Robert East Lee become president of?
What year did the Siege of Boston occur in the American Revolution?
Which ancient civilization's true name was the Mexica?
Who performed the first heart transplant?
How did George Washington die?
What year did Adolf Hitler die?
How did Joan of Arc die?
What century did the Babylonian captivity of the Jews take place?
What year World War I start?
In Ancient Greece who was not allowed to watch the Olympic Games?
What ancient civilization invented paper?
Where was Genghis Khan born?
What US president was in office at the end of the Korean War?
What year was the Battle of Saintes in the American Revolutionary War?
Which World War I offensive had the most casualties?
What year was the Missouri Mormon War?
When Babylonian Empire fell which empire took over?
Who was president during the American Civil War?
In what city did the British surrender to end the American Revolutionary War?
On what island did ancient Greek civilization originate?
Which country are the ruins of Machu Picchu located in?
Did Germany or Japan surrender first in World War II?
What pivotal naval battle of World War II occurred six months after the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor?
Who was the second president of the United States?
In what year did William the Conqueror take over England?
The calendar of which ancient civilization is thought to have predicted the end of the world?
Who was the first vice president of the United States?
Who developed the Pythagorean theorem?
When were coins first made?
When did World War Two start?
Who was the mother of Alexander the Great?
When did the USSR invade Poland?
When did The Cold War end?
What is another name given to the Iraq war?
Who was the first queen of England?
Who was the first female British prime minister?
What was the capital of the Achaemenid Empire of Persia?
When did the US enter Vietnam war?
Who was the last Roman Caesar?
How many total casualties were caused by World War II?
Who was the last ruler of the Hawaiian Kingdom?
Who was the youngest emperor of the Russian Empire?
When was the Parthenon built?
Who is on the US dollar bill?
When did the first Punic War begin?
Which of the following leaders played prominent roles in both World War I and World War II?
How many soldiers died in the Vietnam war?
Which famous Greek philosopher tutored Alexander the Great?
Which Italian trader traveled to China and met Khublai Khan?
Who was Egypt's first pharaoh?
Where was Leonardo da Vinci from?
How long was Queen Elizabeth I's reign?
Which general is known for his scorched-earth policy in the US Civil War?
What year did the American Revolutionary War end?
Which people in modern day France were defeated by the Romans?
Which Roman emperor was once captured by pirates and held for a 12,000 gold piece ransom?
When was the end of the Persian Empire?
How old was Elvis when he died?
When did the final Chinese dynasty end?
Where was Louis VII born?
Who was the last true pharaoh of Egypt?
Where did ancient Egypt begin?
When was the Aztec Empire formed?
How many French soldiers died in World War I?
Which people sacked Rome in 455?
When did Julius Caesar cross the Rubicon?
When was the Roman Empire established?
What script did the ancient Sumerians use to write on clay tablets?
Who were the legendary founders of Rome?
What ancient civilization's architecture was built to resist any level of earthquakes with the stones vibrating and falling back in the right order even after a tremor?
Who was the first female ruler?
Which ship was Christopher Columbus on when he landed in America?
Who was president of the United States during WWI?
In which country was the Persian Empire centered?
When did the Aztec Empire end?
How many Americans served in WW II?
What was the capital city of the Babylonian Empire?
Which dynasty built the Great Wall of China?
When did Ramses II rule?
What is the name of the mountain in ancient Greece where the twelve Olympian gods lived?
What is the armed conflict within a nation called?
How many people died at Pearl Harbor during the attack?
What came right after the New Kingdom in ancient Egypt?
What was the last battle of The Civil War?
Which civilization was known for mummifying their dead?
What civilization was Nefertiti from?
What caused ancient Rome to fall?
What year did the Seven Years' War begin?
What year was the Mongol Empire founded?
Where was the Aztec civilization located?
When did the Inca Empire fall?
When did the war in Darfur start?
In what month did the War of 1812 begin?
Who was the first female governor in the United States?
How many wars did the Romans and Carthage fight?
What were the knights of ancient Japan called?
Who was the first female pilot to fly across the Atlantic ocean?
Who was the eighth president of the United States?
Which country are Tsars usually from?
What did the Mayan civilization use for money?
Who was prime minister of the United Kingdom during most of World War II?
How many Americans died in World War II?
Who was the leader of military campaigns of the Mongol Empire at the turn of the thirteenth century?
Who wrote Romeo and Juliet?
What was the nationality of Socrates?
In what year did World War II end?
Who was the emperor of Rome when it fell?
Who is considered the founder of the Xia dynasty in ancient China?
Who sewed the first American flag?
What country known today was the ancient Persian civilization located in?
Who was the first United States president?
Who was the Roman emperor in the West overthrown by?
How tall was George Washington?
When was Billy the Kid born?
Who developed a theory of evolution?
Who did Sparta defeat in the Peloponnesian war?
Who was the first prime minister of Great Britain?
What rivers were located next to ancient Sumer?
What is Candyman's real name?
Which university was Dwayne Johnson a college football player of?
Who is Benedict Cumberbatch currently married to?
How many Nightmare on Elm Street movies are there?
Who's Leia Organa's father?
Who plays Ian Malcolm in the Jurassic Park franchise?
What boy band was Nick Lachey part of before launching a solo career?
In 2012, Kelly Clarkson's "Stronger" was featured in an ad for which model of car?
Who won a Grammy for best Reggae album in 1995 five with Boombastic?
What year did Nate Dogg die?
What is the name of the first album Doctor Dre released?
What was the name of Heatwave's first album?
Where is Ella Fitzgerald buried?
Which rapper attempted suicide at the age of twelve?
Which guitarist released the album Ballads and Blues?
Who was the original lead guitarist of Deep Purple?
When did John Prine release Illegal Smile?
Who was Duke Ellington's first drummer?
What style music has its roots in blues and ragtime?
What band is Gerard Way from?
How many basketball player positions are there?
Which former NBA player went by the moniker Chocolate Thunder?
Who was the head coach for the Kansas City Chiefs in 2020?
Which NBA team is from Boston?
Who invented the huddle?
What coach has won the most Super Bowls?
How many Super Bowls have the rams won?
Who won the 2016 NBA Finals?
What baseball field is in Boston?
Who wrote The Vampire Chronicles?
Who is the protagonist of the Hunger Games?
What is Lyra Silvertongue's daemon's name?
Who wrote the Twilight Saga series?
What was Meursault imprisoned for?
Who created the character Paul Atreides?
What year did Elizabeth Gaskell die?
Who wrote Pride and Prejudice?
Who is the central character in the Ballad of Songbirds and Snakes?
When did J. R. R. Tolkien write The Lord of the Rings?
In what city is the Golden Gate Bridge?
What city is nicknamed the City of Angels?
What city is nicknamed the Rose Red City?
What city is home to the Liberty Bell?
Miami was founded in what year?
Where is Paris?
What city is known as the City of Lights?
What is Yellowstone National Park famous for?
In which country would you find Chichen Itza?
In what year was the Lincoln Memorial dedicated?
In which city is the Taj Mahal located?
Which city has the nickname The Big Easy?
When was the white tower of the Tower of London built?
Which is the tallest monument in the USA?
What city has the highest population in the world?
Where is Stonehenge?
How many cities are in Boston?
What is the population of Tokyo?
In which city is the Taj Mahal?
In which city is Arc de Triomphe located?
What is the biggest city by population in China?
Which world city is known as the Golden City?
When was the Washington Monument built?
In what city would you find the C.N.Tower?
Who was the dictator of Paraguay from 1954 to 1989?
Who was the Republican candidate for the Senate in 2020?
What was the name of the organization that Belgium, France, Italy, Luxembourg, The Netherlands and West Germany were a part of before the EU?
In addition to Andrew Johnson and Donald Trump, who is the only other US president to be impeached?
What was the cause of death of F.D.R?
Did Bernie Sanders vote against the war in Iraq?
Who was George H. W. Bush's vice president?
Who is the Democratic nominee running for the New Jersey Senate?
Who was the first president to serve without any experience in an elected office?
In what year was the Peruvian Government Palace, House of Pizarro built?
How old must a person be to run for president?
Who won the 1976 Presidential Election?
Who is the speaker of the Libyan House of Representatives?
Who ran against Barack Obama in the 2008 Presidential Election?
Who is the current president of Lebanon?
Who is the president of French Guiana?
What country is the official Republic of China?
Who was the fifteenth president?
In which state was Theodore Roosevelt born?
How many years has Angela Merkel been a chancellor of Germany?
When did the Electoral College last cast their votes?
Who is the current president of Austria?
Who is the president of Nigeria?
When did the Achaemenid Empire end?
The Gulf of Tonkin resolution was adopted during which war?
What was the imperial capital of Japan?
Who co-founded The National Farm Workers Association with Cesar Chávez?
Where did the Great Emu War take place?
When did the Greeks establish democracy?
Who were France's military in the Battle of Waterloo?
What is the name of the famous fortress that the Incas built?
Who was involved in The Civil War?
At what age did Nero the Roman emperor pass away?
What did Abraham Lincoln view as an impediment to economic development?
When was the Maya civilization founded?
What year did the American Revolutionary War stop?
When did the first Super Mario Bros. came come out?
Who is Mario's brother?
Who is the main protagonist in the Halo series?
When was Halo: Combat Evolved first released?
What position did the creator of the Game Boy have at Nintendo?
What is the most expensive video game made to date?
What's the best-selling video game of all time?
What year did Rockstar Games release Grand Theft Auto: Vice City?
Which company created the Game Gear handheld console?
Who is the main protagonist in Resident Evil 4?
In what year was the first Sonic the Hedgehog game released?
What is known as the world's first home video game console?
Who is the current developer of the Need for Speed game series?
Who is Mario's arch nemesis?
What is the name of Sephiroth's sword?
When did Pokemon Ruby and Sapphire come out?
What is the highest-selling gaming console to date?
What video game franchise has racked up over 1 billion dollars in lawsuits?
What is the name of the Siren character in Borderlands?
What video game is taken so seriously in South Korea that it is officially recognized as an e-sport?
What is the name of protagonist of the Zelda series?
Who is the main boss to Mario?
When was Roblox introduced to mobile?
When was Call of Duty - Black Ops Cold War released?
When was Madden NFL 22 released?
Where does the game Hollow Knight take place?
When was The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim released?
What character is on the cover of the game Pokemon Blue?
Did Last of Us 1 win game of the year?
What is the main feature or end game event in The Division?
Did they create a television series for The Witcher?
What country is Lara Croft from in the Tomb Raider games?
When was Elder Scrolls Online released?
Who is the developer of Crusader Kings 3?
When was Final Fantasy 14 first released?
Which company published the game Kingdom Hearts?
Who is Sonic the Hedgehog's brother?
Who is the main character of Assassin's Creed 1?
What is the genre of Monster Hunter?
What was the name of the first MMO Amazon released?
What year did the original World of Warcraft come out?
What real-world region does Fallout 76 take place?
What was the first ever MMORPG named?
What is the name of the World of Warcraft expansion that was released in 2020?
What year was the original Diablo game released?
What year was Final Fantasy VII Remake released?
Who is the main character of Final Fantasy VIII?
When was Halo: Combat Evolved come out?
Who's the protagonist of the Halo series?
What land is Kingdom Come: Deliverance set in?
Who was the main antagonist of Bioshock?
What remote planet does the Doom series take place around?
Aside from Phobos, what other Martian moon does the original Doom series take place on?
In the original Quake, what real-world fictional author of weird, sci-fi horror fantasy was inspiration drawn from?
What year was the original Quake game released?
What type of animal is Isabelle from Animal Crossing?
When did the first Sonic the Hedgehog game come out?
Who is the protagonist of the Zelda series?
Who is the protagonist of the Metroid series?
When did Genshin Impact come out?
When did League of Legends come out?
When did Minecraft come out?
When did Fortnite come out?
When did World of Warcraft come out?
Who is the protagonist of Metal Gear Solid?
What planet is Master Chief from the Halo series from?
What is the most recent title in the Resident Evil series?
Who is the main playable character in The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild?
Who is Mario's arch nemesis throughout the Mario games?
Who is the protagonist of Uncharted 1?
In what year did Tales of Arise come out?
Who is the protagonist of the original Mass Effect trilogy?
Who was the protagonist of Dragon Age Origins?
Who created WipeoutXL?
Which early 8-bit computer has the most game titles?
What is the name of the card game in Witcher 3?
What early arcade game featured a digitized voice saying, "I hunger"?
From what game did DayZ originate as a mod?
What year did the first Donkey Kong game come out?
What year was Space Invaders released?
What year was Missile Command released?
What year did Pac-Man come out?
Who's castle do you have to enter in Megaman 2?
What happens to Mario when he eats a mushroom?
What happens to Mario when he eats a flower?
What are the characters in Super Mario Brothers called whose heads you jump on?
What year was the Nintendo 64 released?
Who's the protagonist of the Gravity Rush series?
When did Roblox come out?
What is Mario's sidekick and fraternal twin brother's name?
What year was Pac-Man released?
What weapon does Tifa from Final Fantasy VII use?
What weapon does Cloud from Final Fantasy VII use?
What weapon does Aeris from Final Fantasy VII use?
How many Sonic the Hedgehog games were released on the Sega Genesis (not counting compilations)?
How many Sonic the Hedgehog games were released on the Sega Dreamcast (not counting compilations)?
When was Roblox created?
When was Mario from Super Mario born?
Which GTA game has sold the most?
Who is the major villain in FFVII?
Which character was the mascot for SEGA?
What is the name of the final course in all Mario Kart video games?
In Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare what is the name of Jack Mitchell's best friend?
Who is on the cover of the video game Madden NFL 18?
Which game series features cities called Vice City, Liberty City and San Andreas?
Who was the Mario game made for?
When did the original Pokémon Stadium come out?
What was the first video game created?
Who was Princess Peach's cousin?
Who is the hero in the Legend of Zelda series?
What game franchise does Pikachu come from?
What system did the game Goldeneye 007 get released on?
What Final Fantasy was Cloud Strife the main character?
In what game series do Nintendo and other gaming characters fight on a stage?
When did Final Fantasy VII come out?
When did Street Fighter II come out in Japan on the Super Famicom?
What is the world called in World of Warcraft?
What was the first expansion called for World of Warcraft?
When was the third expansion for World of Warcraft released?
What are the two main factions that players can play as in World of Warcraft?
When World of Warcraft first came out, who was the leader of the horde?
What video game had the most sales in 2006?
When did the first NBA Jam come out?
Who is the main character in Metroid?
What company made Warcraft?
Who is the main character in Final Fantasy 6?
In what year was the first Halo game released?
What was PopCap's first game?
Who is the protagonist in the Metroid series?
When did Duke Nukem 3D come out?
What year was PlayStation 3 released?
What game is Deserts of Kharak a prequel to?
What is the easiest race to play in StarCraft?
What planet do the people start out on in Homeworld?
Who is the villain in Super Mario Bros.?
How old is Luigi?
Who is the main character of the Uncharted series?
What is the name of the first Mario game released on the Nintendo Switch?
Who's the protagonist of the Legend of Zelda series?
In what game franchise is there a character named Master Chief?
In what year did Zelda first come out?
What game has sold the most copies?
What platform was Super Mario Kart released on?
What is the best-selling video game console?
Who is the carpenter in Stardew Valley?
What are the three items that can be used to cook meat in Minecraft?
Mario first appeared as a character in which video game?
What day was World of Warcraft first released?
How do you make obsidian in Minecraft?
What is the name of the planet that Gears of War takes place on?
Who is the protagonist of Devil May Cry?
What clan does the witch Bayonetta belong to in Bayonetta?
Where does Zelda take place?
What console is Returnal on?
When did Super Mario World come out?
Who's the protagonist of the Zelda series?
Where does Bioshock 1 take place?
What is the name of Donkey Kong's son?
What game has the popular map Facing Worlds?
How many Mario Galaxy games exist?
Where does Zelda live?
How many controller ports does the Nintendo 64 have?
How many mini bosses does Mega Man fight per game?
What are the names of the ghosts in the original Pac-Man game?
What's the name of the evil company in the Resident Evil franchise?
In what year was the Sony PlayStation released in the United States?
How many World of Warcraft subscribers are there in 2021?
What is the largest open-world game of all time?
How many Resident Evil games are there?
Which game console has the most games?
When was the last Fight Night game released?
Who was the protagonist in Red Dead Redemption?
Who is the protagonist of the Mass Effect trilogy?
When did Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic come out?
Who are the three playable characters in Resonance of Fate?
When did Sunset Overdrive come out?
When was Super Mario Bros. released?
What land is Link from?
What is the main villain's name in Super Mario World?
Who is the protagonist in The Legend of Zelda?
How tall is Minecraft Steve?
When did the Outer Wilds come out?
Who is the oldest League of Legends Champion?
What year was Left 4 Dead released?
What platform was Half-Life first released on?
Who developed Fallout 4?
When was Everquest first released?
Fallout: New Vegas was developed by who?
What country was Tetris created in?
What game is Mario 2 a reskin of?
When did Pokemon red and blue come out in the US?
What is the region in Pokemon Red called?
What is the region in Pokemon Silver called?
What city is Los Santos based on?
Who is the protagonist of Horizon Zero Dawn?
Who is the protagonist of Judgement?
In what country does Yakuza take place?
What year was the first Mario game released?
In what year did Atari make its debut?
What year was Donkey Kong first released?
Where does the Legend of Zelda take place?
What is Mario's brother's name?
What is Mario's profession?
What color is Link's outfit?
Who is the antagonist in the Legend of Zelda?
Is it possible to get married to a villager in Animal Crossing New Horizons?
What is Luigi's occupation?
What is the name of the lands ruled by Zelda?
What is the name of Ethan's baby in Resident Evil Village?
What is Joel's brother's name in The Last of Us?
What is the name of the main boss in Resident Evil Village?
Who is the main protagonist in the Kingdom Hearts series?
Who was the main antagonist of Final Fantasy VII?
What was the name of the primary weapon in Kingdom Hearts?
Who is the main character of Mass Effect?
What character in Overwatch has wings and the ability to resurrect fallen teammates?
Who is the lead character of Rise to Honor?
Who is the protagonist of Uncharted among Thieves?
When was Halo: Combat Evolved released?
Who is the protagonist in the first three Halo games?
What year was the first Street Fighter released?
Who is the publisher of all the Street Fighters?
What was Mario's first job?
What is the best selling video game in all time?
When was "Super Smash Bros" released?
Who released the first flight simulator game?
Which item made Mario invincible in Super Mario Bros.?
Who is the founder and CEO of Roblox?
Who invented the FIFA game?
Who voices the main character in Outriders?
How many copies has Genshin Impact sold?
What is Mario's profession in the game?
What is the main character's name from Syphon Filter?
Who is Sonic the Hedgehog's nemesis?
When did Super Mario Brother's 3 come out on Nintendo?
What is the name of the protagonist of Red Dead Redemption?
When did Halo 2 come out?
On what planet does Gears of War take place?
Who is the main character of the first Yakuza game?
When did Rocket League come out?
What is the first Pokemon in the Pokedex?
Who's the protagonist of the Metroid series?
What year was World of Warcraft released?
What element does Pikachu use?
What is the kingdom called in The Legend of Zelda series?
What year did Yoshi first appear in a video game?
What is the hero's name in The Legend of Zelda series?
When did the first Animal Crossing game come out?
When did the original Super Mario Bros game come out?
When was Final Fantasy released?
When was Final Fantasy II released?
When was Final Fantasy III released?
When did Dark Age of Camelot launch?
When did the first Call of Duty launch?
What genre of game does Unreal Tournament belong to?
What food was the inspiration for the game Pac-Man?
Who is the main villain of Final Fantasy 7?
What year was the first Final Fantasy released?
What is the name of the hero you play as in God of War?
What is the name of the prince in Final Fantasy 15?
What game is Geralt of Rivia from?
What year did Outer Wilds come out?
Who is the protagonist of the Halo series?
What year did the first Dark Souls come out?
How many video games were made about Indiana Jones?
When was Atari founded?
Where does the Last of Us take place?
Who is the protagonist in Resident Evil?
When did Ark: Survival Evolved first come out?
When did Destiny come out?
When did No Man Sky come out?
When did Assassin's Creed first come out?
When did the Witcher first come out?
Which popular FPS game recently held a virtual concert?
Which character has a brother named Luigi?
Who is the nemesis of the Mario Brothers?
Which game's tagline is “gotta catch them all”?
In the Dragon Age franchise, what are the creatures called that are the main antagonists involved in the blights?
Who is the main protagonist of the Metroid franchise?
Who is Donkey Kong's main villain?
In Silent Hill 2, who is the main antagonist?
In Silent Hill 2, what electronic device alerts you when a monster is near?
Who is usually the monster that steals Princess Peach in the Mario Bros. series?
What are Bowser's children collectively called?
When was Pac-Man first released?
When was Super Smash Bros ultimate released?
What type of Pokémon is Pikachu?
What year was Nintendo founded?
What was the best-selling gaming console in 2020?
What food was the character Pac-Man modeled after?
In the original arcade version of Donkey Kong, what was the name of the character that would later be known as Mario?
What is the name of the final course in all Mario Kart games?
Solid Snake is a hero in which famous video game franchise?
Who is the main character in Final Fantasy 8?
Who is the main character in Final Fantasy 10?
Who is the main character in Grand Theft Auto 4?
Who is the protagonist of the Legend of Zelda series?
Who is the antagonist of the Legend of Zelda series?
How many Animal Crossing games are there?
How many main Five Nights at Freddy's games are there?
How many Call of Duty games are there?
How many Call of Duty games do not feature zombies?
What year was Halo first released?
Who is the protagonist of the Uncharted series?
What system was Crono Trigger first released on?
When did Madden 22 come out?
When did Madden 17 come out?
What year was Minecraft first released?
In what year was Minecraft first made public?
Who is the developer for Grand Theft Auto V?
When was Roblox was launched?
Who's the secondary antagonist of Mario?
What role does Toad play?
What kingdom does Link live in?
What was the name of Final Fantasy 4's main antagonist?
What was the name of Final Fantasy 4's controllable ninja character?
Who's the main character in GTA San Andreas?
Who's the main character in Grand Theft Auto: Vice City?
Who are the creators of the GTA series?
When did the NBA 2K series first come out?
When did the Call of Duty series first come out?
Who is the player of the cover of the 2021 FIFA game?
Who is the main character of Metal Gear?
What is the name of the princess in Super Mario Bros.?
What is the name of the orange ghost in Pac-Man?
What year was Fallout 3 released?
Who is the main character of Grand Theft Auto 4?
In the game Overcooked, which kingdom is in danger?
Who is the main character of Final Fantasy X?
What game does the character "Soldier 76" come from?
In what game can you play as a character named "Teemo"?
As of 2021, what is the latest Nintendo console?
"Pikachu" comes from what famous Nintendo game?
What color is Megaman?
What kingdom is Vaan Hail from in Final Fantasy 12?
In South Park: Stick of Truth, what class is named after an ethnic group?
What is the code name of Hammond from Overwatch?
What was the first Call of Duty game called?
What was the first game Sega manufactured?
What was the popular Nintendo puzzle game where you lined up tiles/bricks in a way to make them disappear?
What is the name of the first enemy you see in Super Mario Brothers for original Nintendo (NES)?
What character had the nickname "butcher of Blaviken"?
What game had a main character named Cloud Strife?
What is the name of the hero in The Legend of Zelda series?
When was Diablo released?
Who developed Gran Turismo?
Who had the longest Oscar speech?
What is the shortest movie to win an Oscar?
How many songs by Smash Mouth are on the Shrek soundtrack?
Which country has the longest gap between successive titles at the Euros?
Who was the oldest person to receive the Nobel Prize in Literature?
How many brothers does Ron Weasley have?
How many sisters does Ron Weasley have?
How many main witches are in Wyrd Sisters?
How many books about death are in the Discworld series?
How many books about the witches are in the Discworld series?
How many books about Moist Von Lipwig are in the Discworld series?
How many books about Tiffany Aching are in the Discworld series?
How many children did Lily Potter have?
How many universities are located in Cambridge?
How many universities are located in Oxford?
How many universities are located in Bath?
What is the second oldest university located in Cambridge?
What was the first university founded in Cambridge?
What was the first university founded in Oxford?
What is the oldest university in England?
What is the oldest university in Scotland?
What is the newest of the four ancient universities of Scotland?
What is the oldest university in the US?
What is the oldest university in Italy?
What is the oldest university in the Hispanic world?
What state is home to the most Ivy League colleges?
What is the oldest college located in Massachusetts?
Who was the father of the only female prime minister in India?
Who were the children of India's only female prime minister?
How old was India's only female prime minister when she died?
What mainline game is in the City Building series and takes place in ancient Egypt?
What game in the City Building series takes place in ancient Rome and was released after 2000?
What puzzle video game was released by Fireproof Games in 2018?
Who was the first ruler of Egypt during the Ptolemaic period?
Who was the second ruler of Egypt during the Ptolemaic period?
Who was the first ruler of Egypt in the New Kingdom?
Who was the second ruler of Egypt in the New Kingdom?
Who was the third ruler of Egypt in the New Kingdom?
Who was the third pharaoh of the 18th Dynasty of Egypt?
Who was the fifth pharaoh of the Eighteenth Dynasty of Egypt?
Who was the first female pharaoh of Egypt?
Who was the second female pharaoh of Egypt?
Who led the first Roman invasion of Britain?
Who led the second Roman invasion of Britain?
When was the latest Animal Crossing game released?
When was the first Animal Crossing spin-off released?
When was the first Animal Crossing mobile game released?
What platforms can the first Animal Crossing mobile game be played on?
What platform could the first Animal Crossing spin-off be played on?
When was the first Animal Crossing spin-off released in Europe?
When was the first Animal Crossing spin-off released in North America?
Which award did the latest Animal Crossing game win at The Game Awards 2020?
Who produced the first Animal Crossing game that's playable on Wii?
When was the first Animal Crossing game that's playable on Wii released in the US?
When was the first puzzle game by Fireproof Games released?
Where was the first Animal Crossing mobile game released first?
When was the third puzzle video game by Fireproof Games released for iOS?
When was the third puzzle video game by Fireproof Games released for Android?
Who was the first mayor of Boston?
Who was the first Whig mayor of Boston?
Who was the first woman mayor elected in New England?
Where was the first all-woman city council in the United States?
Who was the second Republican mayor of Boston?
Who was the last Republican mayor of Boston?
Who was the second-to-last Republican mayor of Boston?
Who was the first African-American woman mayor of Pasadena, California?
Who was the third mayor of San Francisco?
Who was the last Labour prime minister of the UK?
Who was the first prime minister during George V's reign?
Who was the first prime minister during Elizabeth II's reign?
Who was the first Labour prime minister during Elizabeth II's reign?
Who was the first Tory prime minister in the UK?
Who developed Zeus Master of Olympus?
Who developed The Room: Old Sins?
What kind of game is The Room: Old Sins?
What kind of game is Zeus Master of Olympus?
How many games by Impressions Games were released in 2000?
What is the newest city building game developed by Impressions Games?
What is the most expensive fish in Animal Crossing Pocket Camp?
Where did the first wife of Alexander the Great die?